Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is perhaps an hour before noon, as the sun is steadily climbing in the sky and the heat of the day is starting to build to oppressive levels.
Timothy Sackton: You are all hunter huddled in the shade and cover of an ancient done Mario bridge over the now dry river Carta, leading to the city of Carson now haunted in home to the skeletal Lord crash.
Timothy Sackton: across the river bad.
Timothy Sackton: morning bustle of activity around the arc for has slowed, but a number of art guards still seem to be pacing the walls and keeping watch on the approaches.
Timothy Sackton: About 36 hours ago you discovered tier dismayed that the orcs tales of returning from death stronger than before, seem to be true, as a group of orcs he had left for dead on the monastery grounds.
Timothy Sackton: Apparently got up free their trap commander and left to.
Timothy Sackton: warn rush of your presence.
Timothy Sackton: Since then you've been trying to stay out of sight scouting the ruin city of Carson with the aid of magic.
Timothy Sackton: By some good luck and careful reasoning you managed to get a glimpse of grass himself.
Timothy Sackton: The seekers clairvoyance magic watching and listening as a murder to orcs who displeased him brought them back to life zombies.
Timothy Sackton: talked with some wraith like figure about the search for treasure and Carson and some and eight shadows to hunt you before finally casting sending from a spell school communicating and update to somebody and apparently getting angry about the response.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who does garage work for.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're half a mile from your horses, who hopefully remains still a hidden in the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, while being kenzo our crowds hiding in the shadows of the bridge as an invisible doll with returns from.
Timothy Sackton: Short scouting mission in the city of Carson itself with about 10 minutes left before your end visibility fades.
Timothy Sackton: there's maybe 100 yards of open ground between you by the bridge and.
Timothy Sackton: The rock.
Timothy Sackton: Canyon walls of the cliffs that loom above the River bad, on which I purchased the ancient tombs of the long dead rulers of Denmark.
Mike Sackton: isn't somebody else invisible to.
Timothy Sackton: Secret was, but he cast the spouse.
Mike Sackton: No longer and just.
Mike Sackton: And I know sorry just remind me.
Mike Sackton: I was fading a bit last time when dealt with was scouting.
Mike Sackton: All we really learned was that the.
Mike Sackton: I collected a few pieces of stuff to show to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and.
Mike Sackton: We learned that there were these voices, but they didn't seem.
Mike Sackton: They seem quite clearly the city's actually haunted but they they seemed like actually haunting ghosts not traps have.
Timothy Sackton: tried to follow them briefly and they and you could never seem to get closer to them and they sounded like the voices of done Mari.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But the main purpose was you got some.
Timothy Sackton: Some tools on and shattered glass from our class flower shop to your shirt here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And sorry before we can give me just a recap so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did the clairvoyance thing garage was mad chopped off some Heads switch some bodies resurrected some guys the whole the whole stronger than before, I think, maybe 10 you let that slip a little bit of it we we knew that exactly that they were strong enough for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That Thank you yeah did.
Timothy Sackton: You don't actually know if they're stronger than before that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just what they claim that's.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I said I didn't say I didn't say that was true I seem to say it seemed to be based in truth.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe student character actually because I want to ask about the shadow things that are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: set to chase us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will wake up, but also we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mainly on the shadow oh yeah yeah you wouldn't know actually dealt with, but only seeker saw the stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right, you were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Communicating with us like what you saw and heard, because you were doing back going back and forth between hearing and seeing things yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and just just again just to make sure that it's like in in terms of what you communicate it to us chop off some Heads switched bodies or resurrected them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then he was also like clearly upset that like there were all that you want to find more shorter there was like more charged with the bounds that like had not been found, yet in in the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he has a race like lieutenant.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's reporting that they haven't found the treasure.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: um but then also.
Eric Rosenbaum: The eight shadows vaguely humanoid in shape.
Eric Rosenbaum: He says go forth and find them.
Eric Rosenbaum: minus yeah find us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, fighting.
Mike Sackton: And we're gonna have to kill some shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: or just keep the lights on.
Mike Sackton: yeah that could work.
Mike Sackton: there's there's there's a problem there's a TV problem, but that.
Eric Rosenbaum: was wrong.
Mike Sackton: Well, at some point the giant burning ball of fire in the sky will go below the horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have our own burning fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: deal with is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That some old glass blowing stuff.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Mike Sackton: I found.
Mike Sackton: Some pieces of.
Mike Sackton: What I think used to be a shop or something seems to have been destroyed, I well that I don't remember, but the impression was destroyed relatively everything kind of collapsed relatively quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Rain from the part of the city that you are in the impression was it had been destroyed, some time ago, yes.
Mike Sackton: But also not like.
Timothy Sackton: Not gradually, over time, right.
Mike Sackton: Exactly, it was an event of some kind, yes right.
Mike Sackton: I found at least a market where it seems like many years ago it was attacked or or.
Mike Sackton: Some in some fashion destroyed quickly and I brought a few tools and pieces of glass, I thought we could use the mirror to try and see what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: um let's have a look at the glass building tools, just to compare you know, for historical interest, but I think we might.
Eric Rosenbaum: want to go on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shouldn't we run right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not chasing us now.
Mike Sackton: are chasing us.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: Interesting news that should have been maybe that the Ad wide.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe let's catch you up after we're on the horses.
Mike Sackton: Good play.
Rev. David (he/him): So we should try and sneak back across the open ground into the Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What time is it right now let's have a date and the name.
Timothy Sackton: that's before noon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit, we have to do the sneaky because that big area.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you doing, are you still able to make it any of us in the visible.
Mike Sackton: Now I mean.
Mike Sackton: I could cast the spell again, but then mine visibility would.
Mike Sackton: Oh no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No double is currently invisible right.
Mike Sackton: yep okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I may be able to construct a kind of blind I don't know how effective that would be like a kind of textured blanket or knitting that we could hide under and then run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be an actually keeping other people from seeing us they might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, secret, just to be a little blunt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be and I will be able to sneak through fine I think you may need to worry about yourself and your ability not to be seen.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): is more important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just go.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, once you get to the cliffs you can sneak but there's about 100 yards of open ground there's no cover you can't sell through it it's.
Timothy Sackton: Just nothing to hide behind it's just open desert before you just ran through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we got lucky.
Timothy Sackton: And well you don't really know what happened.
Timothy Sackton: down to have your invisible the two speedy ones, while being kenzo can run.
Timothy Sackton: faster than anybody else so.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM just some quick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Questions the ground is it just like open sandy desert rippling dunes, or is there scrub.
Timothy Sackton: No it's more like sort of so you're so you're eight This is like the dry riverbed so there's the.
Timothy Sackton: route that plasters lay off, but there's a air a stretch of area that used to be based on the River bottom.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: or river coastline, essentially, it was probably one point, there was you know, there was marshes or or or you know reads going along the side of the River right.
Timothy Sackton: And now, is basically just open.
Timothy Sackton: cracks and you know, once you get to the cliffs there's like rocks rubble scrub that sort of thing, but that that the area that's kind of that the river's edge is like like the bottom of the grand Canyon, but if you just killed all the plants.
Eric Rosenbaum: And are there, like lizards scuttling around or any animals that we could look to us because.
Eric Rosenbaum: flush.
Timothy Sackton: There ah.
Timothy Sackton: make a yeah I mean there's definitely some you know if you stop and watch for a moment there's.
Timothy Sackton: Some life here, not a ton because it's it's hot that there's you know the list are definitely a few lizards around.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could just recast and visibility on me and seeker again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that would be good.
Mike Sackton: I mean that burns my last spell slot but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we want to avoid alerting the orcs to our presence, if we can so that does make sense to me.
Mike Sackton: Alright, I will do that well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait I mean the other option is we created a distraction.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it could create a very loud explosion, perhaps knocking down part of the bridge.
Mike Sackton: When we're too close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm just I mean if we asked for an hour I get my spouse back it's not the end of the world, I mean it's not like.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's run let's run.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's that or I try to dress up like a giant lizard and I I just don't think the lizard plan is gonna work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
Mike Sackton: So I will cast them visibility again becoming visible very briefly.
Mike Sackton: And then flickering and visible again, along with secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Rev. David (he/him): creative destruction to the bolstering that I got.
Rev. David (he/him): I can make my arrows explode in pyrotechnics.
Rev. David (he/him): Man I could put.
Rev. David (he/him): We could do that at some distance from here, but it's also possible they don't even have the first clue where we are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think everybody knows yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it was just not draw attention to her.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'd wait for these distractions until we have some idea of we.
Mike Sackton: need them right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, like sense danger and it sounds good, to me, but like it says.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can see danger it's pretty obvious like there's the arc, for it is maybe.
Mike Sackton: where's my I think if it doesn't work start running at us will notice.
Timothy Sackton: That work, for it is like.
Timothy Sackton: Half a mile away.
Rev. David (he/him): And you can see different half mile away.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the dad God is as a as a different half mile away yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The city at that part of the city is covered in darkness at the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: So those shadows that gratia sending after us may be able to try out, we should let's go let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's get moving now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you just straight up sprint to have you invisible are fine easily make it to the cliffs those of you who are sprinting.
Timothy Sackton: Give me an athletics check with advantage because you both fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why am I, like why Why is my athletics and minus to my acrobatics is a plus six.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're weak all of you dumped strength.
Timothy Sackton: you're not great at you can move quickly but you're not great at sprinting with advantage because you're fast.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, he has not suitable hydrated.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: But further you get advantage to roll again so you can see better.
Mike Sackton: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Well, oh.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be again.
Timothy Sackton: You know kenzo moving quickly amongst the dashes across.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm gonna go slowly taking up the rear so that if well be a say pounced on by a shadow there's somebody nearby to help out.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just not that fast yes.
Timothy Sackton: ken's out you flat out sprint across the end and seem to get.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell nobody's noticed you well be you um you know.
Timothy Sackton: Your legs are short.
Timothy Sackton: and ready to go, not the fat you're quick in combat but not the fastest of sprinters.
Timothy Sackton: Again, you can't really.
Timothy Sackton: it's far enough away you don't hear any alarm you don't hear any horns blown or anything it's hard to tell exactly if the orcs have noticed, but you don't feel like you were you feel like you're exposed.
for longer than.
Timothy Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't see anything to him I wasn't around, though.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a perception check.
Mike Sackton: Can I walk around as well.
Mike Sackton: i'd like to actually kind of.
Mike Sackton: yeah stay on guard, as we cross right, taking advantage to being invisible.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure you can perception as well.
Rev. David (he/him): Well he's gonna blame this on the noon sun and not having a head, yet again, nothing has really.
Eric Rosenbaum: problem.
Timothy Sackton: So so kenzo as you get as you get back you know running across at the cliffs you make it to the cliff was pretty quickly and sort of crouching in the cover as best you can.
Timothy Sackton: Look around and it's it's pretty far but you do I mean you do see activity at the arc for like there seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Some starring whether nobody's left there's not like a group that's marching out, but you know clearly they're on alert and it's gonna be it's gonna require some skill to maneuver stealthily back to your horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also ride horses.
Timothy Sackton: that's true.
Rev. David (he/him): And we know from the overflight earlier in the morning there's not works further up the Canyon at least, yes, with an easy walk where we are.
Timothy Sackton: it's true.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody who's not invisible give me a stealth checklist try and sneak back to your horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now we're in the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're you're like you're like rate right.
oops work.
Timothy Sackton: you're like right there i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenza what's going on today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nine.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just so tired from being dead, only two days ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was pretty serious to be.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You begin to sort of create back as best you can and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's hot it's not easy going around the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you start to start to come around this, this is the closest like from the bridge, this is the sort of closest area of rocks so you're like right about here sort of creeping up the horses, or maybe you know back here sheltered starting to creep up and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you hear horns blowing.
Timothy Sackton: From the distance in the distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: From one direction.
Timothy Sackton: From the orc for.
Eric Rosenbaum: ranch.
Sorry.
Mike Sackton: I think speed is our only real choice here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep nice sprint to the horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep alright.
Timothy Sackton: So you take off for the horses um.
Timothy Sackton: You are you have a good.
Timothy Sackton: A good half a mile ish even a little more than half a mile head start on the orcs and so i'm, you know as you sprint keeping an eye over your shoulder you do see that there seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Some some watch somebody on watch seems to a spot of the movement in the cliffs and.
Timothy Sackton: A group has broken off from the fort as exited coming out.
Timothy Sackton: around here.
Timothy Sackton: And around.
Timothy Sackton: around here and starting to head for this this Canyon to investigate what they saw it's not entirely clear whether they know it was you or not, but clearly somebody is.
Timothy Sackton: Is you know, a group of orcs is moving out from this for coming to investigate the movement that they saw in the Canyon and, as you turn to sprint it's you know sprinting is making it kind of obvious as you're running up the road like they can clearly see.
Timothy Sackton: The floor sprinting while they can clearly see the two of you sprinting.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with and seeker remaining invisible.
Timothy Sackton: And this party, you know chef.
Timothy Sackton: To have the interaction, but it's not doesn't seem to be closing particularly fast at the moment, like you're able to keep you know, keep pace with them, basically, as you run for your horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if we can like collapse, the Canyon or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just.
Eric Rosenbaum: gonna ask about that tactic again like we tried with the augers yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this is like.
Timothy Sackton: This is pretty wide you were talking about you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: 500 600 feet across it's not a narrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what level the secret have to be with you can collect stadium like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that just me it's the Canyon to.
Eric Rosenbaum: um, are there any overhangs that look precarious that I could knock down.
Timothy Sackton: That there's definitely I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're so certainly the area where you hit your horses was an area where there's like I mean you, you sort of created a.
Timothy Sackton: Little wall to shelter them but there's there's like an overhang here right, so the road comes to this narrow stretch.
Timothy Sackton: And there's an open sound a little bit here it's like undercut on this side, so there is, but it wouldn't you couldn't create well, it would be difficult to create a rockfall that was sufficiently.
Timothy Sackton: Dramatic as to really block the Canyon entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to just get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get on the horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which are there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the horses are there.
Timothy Sackton: takes a few minutes, well, I guess secret, you can just in a few moments just clear away your previous handiwork excavating the.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Because he.
Eric Rosenbaum: felt a little wall I built a berm um can I, I can also make terrain difficult yep and so in that choke point which is maybe actually way too large for me to do that in nevermind.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's me to sarge.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was considering doubling the size of my horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: hope that much, though I don't think we've maxie would be able to go faster.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that wouldn't help that much so, you have.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Between I mean you have you have baxter that will be jumps on you have your three horses and then you have a.
Timothy Sackton: Two extra pack horses that are carrying what's now left of your dwindling supply of water and you're still plenty adequate supply of food so you've got you've got a few extra horses, which actually gives you a bit of an advantage, your speed, because you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can rotate them if you want the ones that are your your water is you you're down to only a couple of days of water, so your your pack courses are traveling light at the moment, but you will probably need to find some water soon right you're all die of dehydration in the desert.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: you're on your horses now.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you heading.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah West off the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean what.
closest.
Eric Rosenbaum: of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know either I was closer like outdoors camp or the stone pots.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, we think you would you would know this podcast campus about 75 miles Northwest the stone House is about 100 miles due West.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so how.
Mike Sackton: Do we know that there's still at his camp you.
Timothy Sackton: are not sure you didn't.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't have confirmed.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't discuss your plans of when he was going to leave, but I mean there's supplies and water there for sure you also know you passed on your way to Carson you know that there's a oasis like somewhere about here, where you refilled on your way south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the oasis is the closest.
Timothy Sackton: Your races of the closest source of water.
Timothy Sackton: But it's a little bit out of your way because it's sort of South.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Rev. David (he/him): wow the days of water, we have.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Rev. David (he/him): How many days away as hunters camp.
Timothy Sackton: Two and a half.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well there's one.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely water there, I mean that's why he said his camp there.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can certainly try and find water it's not easy but you're pretty good at traveling.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's just a question of your trade off between speed and.
Timothy Sackton: mean it takes time to search for water.
Mike Sackton: But also it's not like we're gonna die if we run out of water, if we don't drink anything for half a day.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean what we're really talking about is probably one level of exhaustion if we fail our concepts.
Mike Sackton: Maybe to.
Mike Sackton: Not the Meta game too much, but like.
Rev. David (he/him): When I can enlist the orcs have already killed have Darren thrown their bodies into the voices.
Eric Rosenbaum: could happen.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any yeah but.
Mike Sackton: yeah well.
Rev. David (he/him): That seems less likely.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should do what they least expect.
Rev. David (he/him): To Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do East out into the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I guess.
Mike Sackton: With orcs are trail I feel like we should head for hop there's camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're right the say wild portal is really the only reasonable, of course, for us.
Timothy Sackton: there's lots of water in the wild yeah what it will do to you if you drink it is.
less clear.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, I think we should at least a day behind us and then maybe we look for water push but let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that, but I also feel bad about bringing like you know shadow rates to like those like three months in a stone House you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait isn't there a much closer oasis.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but it's out of our way.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's like here at south.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so we just try to cut Northwest straight for how girls camp yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean recall that one of the monks did teach you kenzo how to stun people so they're.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not.
Timothy Sackton: Totally defenseless.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try.
Rev. David (he/him): This millennium tough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah actually we could go there, in fact, we should go there, we should go there, because we can tell them all the shit that we experienced in the fucking you know, like the weird you know and we're in the temple and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A man and Dudes and all that stuff like they'll know who those people are in movie.
Mike Sackton: plugin some holes and gaps we could go to the oasis and then back to the stone house.
Rev. David (he/him): Hunters camp and then back to the stone house.
Rev. David (he/him): should know what's happening.
Mike Sackton: We should.
Mike Sackton: tell her.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah silly there.
Mike Sackton: If.
Mike Sackton: If they're still that yeah we should I would, I agree, I think we should tell we owe have Dar.
Mike Sackton: A warning that we've rallied up the Carson orcs and they're going to be writing waiting for us.
Rev. David (he/him): Also, that there are.
Mike Sackton: Also, that there are Carson orange and that crush the evil.
Mike Sackton: yeah with a grave can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: battle information.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know how.
Eric Rosenbaum: to lead.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have a scroll of of sending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that.
Rev. David (he/him): mean or do.
Mike Sackton: We can talk to somebody.
Mike Sackton: I can send you a 25 word message.
Eric Rosenbaum: To any person that we know already at unlimited range is it something that that basically.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah today reply.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we could send a message to Well, no, we don't we haven't met rye or Dimitar I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We send a message to right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, if you could try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Patients for sending a message it.
Timothy Sackton: Just needs to be somebody that you have theme.
Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: i'm pretty sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't think of that before I just mentioned it as like a crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's brilliant, because actually I mean 10s of has seen by or by end of our divisions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah now would be extremely useful I was thinking we could potentially send whether can Rossa, but that's like less useful like that definitely you should use desktop or something pretty cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other thing i'm thinking about is the stone giant, if you like, found his eyes have a big data like let them know like hey we want you guys.
Right.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Timothy Sackton: It says a creature with what you are.
Timothy Sackton: Familiar so you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ryan.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: or Dimitar might be stretching it a tiny bit.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly Braga kenzo at least is familiar enough, but I think you could make that work um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It to to rider Dimitar.
Timothy Sackton: Know to to progress, because he spent all that time it is mine to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Job all the fungi yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool oh that'll be a useful need a sudden like when we need this up later when we need like a standardized to help us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: good to have a big friend yeah and.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we ride for outdoors camp.
Timothy Sackton: are so.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: take off across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're just pushing fast I assume.
Timothy Sackton: So your trail is obvious, like there's a.
Timothy Sackton: giant plume of sand being kicked up as you ride Northwest for hotdogs camp.
Timothy Sackton: You know, leaving a trail behind you.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good writing.
Timothy Sackton: baxter and well being.
As you.
Timothy Sackton: As you push Northwest across the desert the terrain here becoming as you sort of emerged out of the of the canyons here.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're you're back into this kind of sort of rocky scrub desert that that you've that you've traveled and less less so you're heading sort of North now so you're not in the.
Timothy Sackton: Like the deep desert of the garden Java you're more you're back into kind of the familiar kind of rocky Canyon lands that you spent that you spend a lot of time traveling in that your very first adventure where you got lost and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you know, in the sort of so you know kind of like this background right um so actually well be, can you survival check.
just out of interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of interest but but does that mean you.
Timothy Sackton: Know i'll be good at this i'm so so you said us just to see if you get lost and twisted around inside a straight course i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Writing across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: managing to cover maybe 1520 miles and the rest of this day.
Timothy Sackton: Covering you know, maybe about what it's like 5075 miles, so you probably have you know again like basically two days.
Timothy Sackton: writing to a day and a half, two days from now, and you've got about a day and a half of water left at this point um.
Timothy Sackton: So ah.
Timothy Sackton: you're riding fast and.
Timothy Sackton: just trying to make all speed so it's you know you don't have a good sense of whether anything's behind you i'm assuming you occasionally you know, take a look around and.
Timothy Sackton: and see but you don't particularly notice anything there's nobody you know writing fast after you whether there's someone moving more slowly and trying to track you you can't you can't easily tell.
Timothy Sackton: So that first night you sat camp.
Timothy Sackton: I assume your usual watch order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, can we can consider do anything to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mess with our trail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see are you able to provide us some some cover from tracking.
Eric Rosenbaum: tracking.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh perhaps if we constructed a gigantic broom.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the rear most horse could drag it that was slowest down, though, and in fact it might make a giant really obvious track.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question I have kenzo actually is whether we should use those.
Eric Rosenbaum: glowing orbs that we keep around so usefully all night long too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some light around us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would probably be wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, I wonder, I guess, I saw crash.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty clearly send some shadows off to find us and suck our souls out of our heads or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if those were the same kinds of things that we saw in the temple at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Possibly exactly what I was wondering, but once in the monastery we're not too strong, I think you could have defeated those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: files.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how do you even hit them yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that we didn't find out I don't know it could be that they're susceptible only to magic It could be that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It could be susceptible to blows and attacks from normal weapons that I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here, though, if they are only susceptible to magic I will be quite useless in a battle against them.
Eric Rosenbaum: You do.
Eric Rosenbaum: make some attacks that seemed to have more than physical power behind them can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have some abilities there but limited.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With them, I have a magic something right don't have like this, this spears like that, but then I traded.
Timothy Sackton: traded that for the ring of jumping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's stupid.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean jumping in so.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the ring ring of jumping it's pretty awesome on a monk, because you can jump.
Timothy Sackton: use if you use one key you can jump like 40 feet straight into the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then the cause you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should land on your opponent um.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question is.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the way that those ones we saw at the monastery those shades were.
Eric Rosenbaum: pushed back by light.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be kept at bay would that be true now is that enough to protect us overnight.
Rev. David (he/him): If we put ourselves inside a box overnight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a an earthen.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't I don't know that much would stop those things.
Mike Sackton: I think sealed ourself in.
Mike Sackton: We set up, we set up a.
Mike Sackton: Drift clubs in the perimeter as best we can, ideally.
Mike Sackton: around those of us who are asleep as much as possible.
Rev. David (he/him): give away our position to anything within miles and miles and miles miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: You raise an interesting point and also prevent us from ourselves having adequate dark vision to even see anything coming.
Mike Sackton: I don't think any of us will have.
Mike Sackton: White doesn't affect Elvis dark fishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: No that's interesting it's.
Timothy Sackton: magic it's Nada.
Timothy Sackton: same with dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the drug costs are dwarfs right they make them because they're pretty and they don't mess, with their night vision.
Timothy Sackton: Actually dwarf make griff lunch.
Timothy Sackton: Because you can't see color with with dark fish and.
Timothy Sackton: everything's Gray in dark with dark fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't know that.
Timothy Sackton: So if you have pretty javelins you can't you need light to actually see the colors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ethical.
Mike Sackton: Are we more worried about the orcs finding us or the shadows.
Mike Sackton: pick your poison.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we seal ourselves into a chamber.
Eric Rosenbaum: filled with light on the inside.
Mike Sackton: I think feeling ourselves in places is not the direction I would like to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the sun is already setting.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the phone is is.
Timothy Sackton: That, at this point, I would say.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just.
Timothy Sackton: sat in camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just know so little about these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: That may or may not be chasing us we don't know how fast, they can travel.
Eric Rosenbaum: But presumably if the orcs knew which direction we're going these things well as well.
Mike Sackton: Would it be a fair guests that we've outrun the orcs I mean based on everything say I dealt with knows about traditional orcas military tactics like do they have rapid scout you know.
Mike Sackton: How likely is it that they have a hunting party that can move as fast as US scalping over them that's.
Timothy Sackton: very unlikely, especially with the benefit of being able to move people around mounts and.
Timothy Sackton: And you know pushing all day.
Timothy Sackton: they're not disciplined like hobgoblin they wouldn't you know they wouldn't likely have.
Timothy Sackton: Although.
Timothy Sackton: The one thing that gives you pauses that you know these are clearly.
Timothy Sackton: You know if the fear if crash put the fear of crashing to them, they might act in ways that are a typical for oryx but normally orcs wouldn't have the discipline, or the dedication to chase long distance pray.
Timothy Sackton: For days across hostile terrain.
Mike Sackton: So I would I would think the shadows are, the greater danger.
Mike Sackton: and white, is our friend this evening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe will attract some moths but there'll be okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I just don't know I don't know do any of you have any intuition on how to even fight them if they come again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My My great fear is just that they're only they can only be affected by magic, in which case I only have a limited ability to strike them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though it seems like you would be fine.
Mike Sackton: So with regards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You seem pretty magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I have some ability to make magical attacks, but not.
Eric Rosenbaum: endlessly.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, we have it with my boo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's very helpful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, then you'll take him.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, don't worry that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody remember anything else about the ones that we encountered in the temple.
Mike Sackton: Actively kenzo I could.
Mike Sackton: hold on a minute.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything that says you can't have more than one packed weapon created of the time them.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whether one what.
Mike Sackton: The weapon dealt with summons is a magic weapon.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure if the rules, let me some in I can create any weapon in the universe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so you can make a magic porter steph Curry.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I can have two of them at once.
Timothy Sackton: No ah so.
Timothy Sackton: You can have.
Timothy Sackton: Your pack weapon and your your hex weapon can be different.
Timothy Sackton: Right you got an extra.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but you can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't summon.
Mike Sackton: let's see you can't have multiple paths weapons, at the same time.
Mike Sackton: It seems kind of broken it.
Timothy Sackton: Also does your pack track and disappears, if you use the pact of the blade again.
Timothy Sackton: And every time you some you can you can summon as many any weapon you want, but every time you summon a new one, the old one.
Mike Sackton: disappears got it but.
Timothy Sackton: It also disappears if it's more than five feet away from you.
Mike Sackton: that's probably but conceptually if we were desperate.
Mike Sackton: I could summon a quarter staff for you stand next to you and blast it with algebra blast instead.
Timothy Sackton: that's true yes, you could do that.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry it's more than five feet away with.
Timothy Sackton: from you, for one minute so.
Timothy Sackton: So kenza would have a minute to fight, as long as he kept coming back to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is good strategy this perspective in mind, I mean if if the shadows are susceptible to normal combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we'll have trouble with them that at least the ones that I sent in the number we're not very strong they could be killed with a single single one of these arrows or a single one of my blows on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, again, I don't have a sense of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What their vulnerabilities work.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there were a number of them I think if we can keep the light lit through the night will be okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do we even know if what what rush sense is the same work where they more powerful.
Mike Sackton: don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Mike Sackton: All we can do is be prepared, though.
Mike Sackton: Right, and I think again the light if the light.
Mike Sackton: gives us an area of safety to get prepared even right if they're if we can keep an area of white that they won't come into even just long enough for people to wake up and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah not.
Mike Sackton: be surprised.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, also I wonder for camp, we can just find a location that's little i'm just sort of looking at like 10 this map like peanuts tennis background like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A rocky outcropping that like if we do have light inside the outcropping it's not like you know visible from miles away but it's like you know.
Rev. David (he/him): or trace just not a completely enclosed structure, you know at least walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I can do yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: For sure feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: find a niche.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the stone.
Timothy Sackton: um let's see why don't we why don't you make a survival check to see where the advantages somebody wants to help you.
Mike Sackton: yeah I can help.
Timothy Sackton: You, yes, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're racing so baxter moves a fair bit faster than a horse xp except speed of I think 50.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's um yeah the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: No wonder they're.
Timothy Sackton: Here as you're you know leading this this pack, you are paying attention and as as the sun begins to set you do manage to find a sheltered.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Almost almost a little sort of cave area like a fairly deep under hang on i'm on a rocky outcrop that is protected from from three sides.
Timothy Sackton: You know, still like not not like you know it totally enclosed but protected, you know sheltered from three sides.
Timothy Sackton: So so me sorry go ahead so you've made camp now.
Eric Rosenbaum: All scopus a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little barrier.
Mike Sackton: Right um.
Mike Sackton: what's our watch order.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm blessed.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll take the first one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fellow who possible.
Mike Sackton: I kill in the middle of the night, I mean dealt with watches for half the night, since I don't really sleep.
Mike Sackton: i'd rather be first or last actually so that I get a nice chunk of for our my for our meditation it's you know I need my duty meditation I don't want to split it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't you go first, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cancel cancel actually did died, two days ago, so I think that's fine again.
Mike Sackton: yeah we can we can forgive ken's it doesn't need to take a watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah you can.
Mike Sackton: love them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see I need.
Mike Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Say God.
Mike Sackton: Given where like setting up camp and stuff can I think it's short rest before the watch starts yeah and is it too cheesy to cast a spell with a one hour duration if i'm just sitting around watching Can I take a short rest every hour and cast the spell every hour slit it's always up.
Timothy Sackton: That is kind of cheesy.
Rev. David (he/him): And you'd be watching while you're.
Mike Sackton: Short rest, just as not fighting or exploring it doesn't mean you're not walking.
Mike Sackton: Ah, but it feels a little like cheesy on the rule.
Timothy Sackton: I would, I would say um.
Timothy Sackton: You could do that, but it would give you a disadvantage on your perception checks alright.
nevermind.
Mike Sackton: that's that's a good rule that's actually what I would have suggested.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their dungeon master.
Mike Sackton: yeah that was fair that's fair but I will not take disadvantage okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer goes to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be and secret go off to Ras before their watches down with makeup perception check.
Mike Sackton: Terrible role, but I used to like D amp D virtual dice and the Di came up on 15 and then it rolled over to five.
Timothy Sackton: It gives you the same sensation of rolling dice and.
Does.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you, you watch spend, spend your first half of the night i'm.
Timothy Sackton: staring out into the darkness of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing nothing moving.
Timothy Sackton: Until around just past midnight you go to wake seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Who also needs to well perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strong.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You again see relatively little in the night.
Timothy Sackton: A few shooting stars overhead.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of some distant nocturnal.
Timothy Sackton: Animals hunting.
Eric Rosenbaum: live in.
Timothy Sackton: The desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's attract anything.
Timothy Sackton: The lights attract a few Scorpions.
Timothy Sackton: And a bunch of moths.
Timothy Sackton: But nothing seems to be moving out on the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: perception check with disadvantage, because you don't have dark version.
Timothy Sackton: And I also need you to make a wisdom saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a strange thing to have to make.
Rev. David (he/him): This.
Just.
Timothy Sackton: Oh boy i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Going oh my gosh.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You also watch the night again looking guys into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Without much seeming to move across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: and go to wake everybody in the morning, having passed an uneventful night.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo as you wake.
Timothy Sackton: You feel refreshed and although still you know occasionally shaken as you think about it i'm.
Timothy Sackton: healed from the.
Timothy Sackton: The rigors and the trauma of dying and you've now managed to remove the.
Timothy Sackton: All of the effects that have been lingering.
Timothy Sackton: So I just I just if you reload your character sheet I just cleared that for you, it should pop up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: So unless there's anything, in particular, assuming you're going to just continue on the next day, at the same as the last day.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: You continue across the desert heading.
Timothy Sackton: Again, for for hotdogs camp again making good time, as you navigate the.
Timothy Sackton: rocky outcroppings and scrubby land of of the of the desert here.
Timothy Sackton: As the day comes to a close again you've traveled maybe another 30 miles putting you on within striking distance of reaching half two hours camp, the following evening ah 30.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just about so just about 30 miles from hot girls camp at this point, your water is running low and tomorrow is going to be a a thirsty day writing through the heat of the sign as you've been doing to keep up this momentum, but for now things seem quiet and calm across the desert.
Rev. David (he/him): As we make him, there are two things will be.
Rev. David (he/him): One is like to fashion himself to feel so that is something to keep some of the other is to see if I if there's a bird to call down to see if.
Timothy Sackton: They can say precisely.
Rev. David (he/him): And or anything head.
Timothy Sackton: yeah definitely um so evening, as you make camping in twilight the like coxon vultures have pretty much gone in for the day, but now is the time when.
Timothy Sackton: Like things like like desert Rennes like the song birds are out an active, so you won't have quite the range, but you can certainly.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly try.
Timothy Sackton: Take some seeds out of your Pack and and lower this.
Timothy Sackton: A little ran that singing off it off on the edge of your camp in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: to your hand make animal handling check.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little bit skittish as it approaches you but it starts to eat out of your hand and you probably won't be able to get it to travel super far but it's willing to let you.
Timothy Sackton: travel into its mind.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome so fly like as far as it's comfortable flying and take a look around.
Timothy Sackton: it's happy to go up and do a circle around the camp you just just not gonna go more than half a mile from it from its.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's do that whatever whatever it's willing to do whatever and see.
Timothy Sackton: So flying up, you see, I mean you can see the desert laid out before you and twilight um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there there's nothing clearly moving across the.
Timothy Sackton: Land, I mean you don't see there's no like troop of orcs or anything on the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: You do.
Timothy Sackton: And you're too far away to see any signs of hotdogs camp.
Timothy Sackton: You know, even in the night desert air.
Timothy Sackton: things seem quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Almost peaceful even.
Timothy Sackton: Very little moving anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might also be scanning for signs of water supply, maybe there's none.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah just the just the burden no of water.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, make them.
Timothy Sackton: i'd say make an animal handling.
Timothy Sackton: shack but intelligence jack and add six to.
Timothy Sackton: Animal handling, but with intelligence not.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so i'm rolling it with wisdom, so this should.
Timothy Sackton: minus two.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome.
Timothy Sackton: it's so so you do send the memory mean you can tell.
Timothy Sackton: Like it knows it does have sources of water, but if you're not able to get clear images or directions from it's mine to lead you to the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be bringing the bird back here, I might be able to directly ask it magically.
Eric Rosenbaum: If the bird seems to know.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: just see if you can get it to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Land, if not on your hand perhaps on our convenient.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we have to make a new enclosed camp and wall and everything tonight don't we.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you want to do that, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well before we do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you can get the bird to land, I will cast speak with animals.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you want it so so again it.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see, I guess, I would say yeah make a.
Timothy Sackton: make an intelligence jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh just on my.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not the saving throw that one okay yep.
Timothy Sackton: So it again it starts like.
Timothy Sackton: You know you so secret stars talking to it and it's it's a weird experience, while because you're still in its mind.
Timothy Sackton: And it's like you can sense when it's about to say.
Timothy Sackton: And what it's saying seems kind of garbled to you, but seekers like concentrating carefully and like making all these notes and diagrams and like doing math like oh it's this angle from the fun and it intersects this line here from the line of the mountains and you.
Timothy Sackton: After about like 10 minutes five minutes of this conversation you're just like not at all sure what the bird was trying to communicate and.
Timothy Sackton: Secret you're not entirely sure what the bird was trying to communicate, but you have this diagram drawn in the sand, that has like four lines triangulate it that all cross at a point that seems to be what it was describing as where water was, which is about half mile from here.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's fantastic somebody feed this bird a treat who's got something delicious for it let's got treats.
Timothy Sackton: That play out food.
Mike Sackton: i'll feed it some treats.
Eric Rosenbaum: We thank you, was it a.
Mike Sackton: Nice some nice.
Timothy Sackton: desert ran.
Mike Sackton: Not nuts, or something.
Mike Sackton: But go into the i'll go into the.
Mike Sackton: mix bag get all get a couple of seeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: likes cacti pretty little bird.
Timothy Sackton: So somebody wants to go out to the.
Timothy Sackton: location scout at are you gonna do that in the morning.
Mike Sackton: it's nighttime again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's nighttime again.
Mike Sackton: morning it's a half a mile away yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's a 15 minute walk.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's just somebody I would send two of us.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The health on the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay let's do it.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's not hard to find there's not a lot of water here there's like a little muddy seep basically i'm right oh you're not you're not going to be getting gallons of water, but you can extend your supply but maybe half a day by you know filling up the.
Timothy Sackton: What you can then particularly.
Timothy Sackton: seeker by excavating around like basically you like make you and Mulder make like a little mini well, basically, so you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually.
Timothy Sackton: You know fill up a little bit of your.
Timothy Sackton: Your water canteens.
Timothy Sackton: said i'll get you an extra half day of water, which should mean that you'll have no trouble getting outdoors camp tomorrow, assuming nothing goes wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little birds today.
Timothy Sackton: So set up camp, as before, set watches as before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When the.
Timothy Sackton: lights bow.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think the same same idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When deal with and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see your return it's like it's like what well being cancer or like kind of startled like really happy to see you like oh.
Rev. David (he/him): So young I silver.
Rev. David (he/him): silver piece.
Eric Rosenbaum: gambling with fate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As always, you guys would come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh sure i'm sure the odds were very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when.
You.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at this beautiful almost completely fresh water we've got.
Mike Sackton: Only a small bit of mud mostly adds flavor.
it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: taste, to the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the water of my people.
Timothy Sackton: same sound same yeah just last night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will take a walk now that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, now that i'm another day two days we move them by yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Down with make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you.
Timothy Sackton: Set up for watch sort of get get settled where you can you know see out as far as you can pass the past the light and you know as you're watching passes.
Timothy Sackton: You you know you see you, you feel like you occasionally see something moving in the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: But never anything you can pin down, just like this, you know slightly.
Timothy Sackton: You know slightly ominous slightly disturbing sense that you can't quite shake.
Timothy Sackton: And as you.
Timothy Sackton: move to you know so let's see how is the camp setup you're you're still you still have a bit of a of a shelter I assume.
Eric Rosenbaum: You yeah can we find an overhang again or no.
Timothy Sackton: uh I guess you didn't really try.
Timothy Sackton: to fit your busy scouting with looking for animal.
Timothy Sackton: Talking targets yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Down with as you're walking over to.
Timothy Sackton: To wake seeker just just around midnight um.
let's see here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know you don't have to switch the music.
Mike Sackton: So i'm going to get ambushed while waiting up ck.
Timothy Sackton: um.
yeah I just need to.
Timothy Sackton: what's your AC.
Eric Rosenbaum: To see here.
Timothy Sackton: curiosity just out of curiosity.
Timothy Sackton: As your as you're approaching seeker something.
Timothy Sackton: breaks through the edge of the of the light spell, which is about so it's only the light only extends 20 feet bright light another 20 feet dim light, that is.
Timothy Sackton: That is a.
Timothy Sackton: Still, where there's still shadows and and it seems like something has crept into the.
Timothy Sackton: Through the dim light and it just lunges that last 20 feet i'm a shadowy humanoid figure.
let's see.
can use oops let's go.
Timothy Sackton: um but you.
Timothy Sackton: You know, reacting.
Timothy Sackton: quickly you manage to talk out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: So here let's uh let's use this map here.
Timothy Sackton: As.
So.
Timothy Sackton: here's the shadow.
Mike Sackton: them I can't see the map.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm also.
Timothy Sackton: How I haven't I haven't put you.
Mike Sackton: it's all black hat.
Timothy Sackton: I should be able to see.
Timothy Sackton: seekers sleeping kenzo sleeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Timothy Sackton: i've had this map for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: I use this when I had this in case in case there's ever a.
Timothy Sackton: nighttime ambush.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and then.
Timothy Sackton: you've got your.
Timothy Sackton: Your Jeff gloves I added.
basketball baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter's line of fire looks like.
Rev. David (he/him): that's your will be sitting together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Nice so while he's not sleeping in a tent.
Rev. David (he/him): sleeping the baxter okay.
um.
Timothy Sackton: And then you hear.
Timothy Sackton: All of you here in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Breaking.
Timothy Sackton: Sound.
Timothy Sackton: of something.
Timothy Sackton: howling in the night.
Timothy Sackton: And I need everybody so everybody wakes up and they need you all to make wisdom saving throws and then roll initiative.
let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So da a seeker well the cancer okay i'm done with the combination of this how all and the shadow that has just surprised you at Camp i'm.
Timothy Sackton: striking out of nowhere strikes fear into you and you are frightened.
Timothy Sackton: This down with everybody else manages to resist.
Timothy Sackton: something about this reminds you of.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow round that you were from that you escaped from and it brings back those memories.
Timothy Sackton: Can you just shout out your initiative, so I can put them into my.
Eric Rosenbaum: 813.
Mike Sackton: si wait my initiative was.
Eight yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that noise from far away or is that you buy.
Timothy Sackton: It was close.
What.
Mike Sackton: What is the source of delegates here.
Timothy Sackton: that's the howl.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: First up is the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: One of them.
Timothy Sackton: Moves in.
Timothy Sackton: Come on all 21 of that moves into attacked out with again.
Timothy Sackton: You can see it now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At Mrs as.
Timothy Sackton: Despite.
Timothy Sackton: Your moment momentary fear and terror, you are able to kind of bring up your your shield to bear before it can strike you.
Timothy Sackton: The second one.
Timothy Sackton: slips into this into this tent.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And kenza are you i'm you wake to this how all and, as you begin to stand up this shadow slips into the tent with.
You.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Man they're rolling terribly and strings that you and you just quickly roll out of the way and now it's your turn to act.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I you know grab my staff and try to swing at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, hopefully, making contact with him and hurting in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But first, before giving not the goal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here the hell knows that they have.
Timothy Sackton: bad habits um.
Timothy Sackton: So I use you swing your staff out and and you make contact with something, but the shadow seems to part around your blow and and you seem to have damaged dead, but not very badly.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You get still get second attack and your bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's do let's do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One other on i'll do another unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait i'll i'll kind of talk again with my staff right.
Timothy Sackton: Twice with your staff and then, once an armed unless they want to do anything.
Timothy Sackton: That it hits again.
Timothy Sackton: And again, the shadows seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: fading around your staff.
Timothy Sackton: So not.
Timothy Sackton: Your your hurting it if you're pushing it back as you hit it but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But somehow not fair yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um i'll do it on arm strike is one.
Timothy Sackton: That hits as well.
Timothy Sackton: As your as you strike at your hand is just cold, as it punches into this shadow.
Timothy Sackton: And again in parts from your hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I didn't hit it.
Timothy Sackton: But you did hit seeker Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you guys all see just like like literally like 10s and 10s you'd like inside the tent you know it's like it's like crazy, you know activity going on there.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been murmuring all day about light and brightness of light and thinking about like what's the brightest light i've ever seen, and what, what can I build one burn to make bright lights and trying to remember my geochemistry in my in organic chemistry.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a lamp that would burn hot enough to ignite magnesium technology that exists in this world.
Timothy Sackton: Ah magic word but I don't think you have any magnesium with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can performance of creation it, though.
Timothy Sackton: haha that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, then the question becomes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have.
Timothy Sackton: A way to create magical fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: shifts Probably not.
Rev. David (he/him): We do have daylight spells for each of the.
Timothy Sackton: drift from music labs, that is true.
Mike Sackton: But it's daylight fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's probably not hot enough OK, I will performance of creation a.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I can create fire.
Mike Sackton: Right now, maybe I don't know if accounts is fire.
Mike Sackton: But to spell is green flame blade is that fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, a hot.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it's hot.
Timothy Sackton: That deals fire damage doesn't it.
Mike Sackton: It does feel fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: So it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so i'm going to show to deal with about try to like this on fire and into the we have like a fire ring right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm written here do you have a firing right.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna make it.
Timothy Sackton: But that's not going to be hot enough to.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so i'm just suggesting for safety that i'll put it, there will try to burn it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever 100 gold pieces worth of magnesium would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably doesn't really have a standard tradable value in this world.
Timothy Sackton: I would say that's a decent chunk ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, like a pound of magnesium or something.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so i'm gonna i'm rushing out of my tent.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you see sorry through one of runes a cube of shiny white metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: appears where the campfire had been previously.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome, and I say deal with try to like this it'll burn really bright.
Timothy Sackton: While the.
Rev. David (he/him): Things just to the left of me on the map or rocks or something right.
Mike Sackton: there's horses horses.
Laughter
Rev. David (he/him): In all of the markers on the map right now represent shadows right.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's five of them, I think.
Timothy Sackton: there's shadows and there's there's like shadow dogs that were howling at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know dogs Oh, there are two categories here all those are the shadow dogs.
Rev. David (he/him): mm hmm and is that the drift Globe just above the 10th.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's msr the Jeff clubs.
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'm gonna.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I from where I am right now do daylight from the right, most of the to disclose.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you need to be.
Timothy Sackton: Touching adrift you can't you have to be in contact with Jeff Club to cast the spell from that.
Rev. David (he/him): If you are within 60 feet of it, you can speak as command word and concept emanate later.
Timothy Sackton: delayed spell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): So I think i'm gonna do they like, which may have no effect on any of this but feels like it's worth a shot.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: From from the from this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah, what is the range of daylight I.
Rev. David (he/him): mean that's.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: 60 feet yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: So the entire i'm.
Timothy Sackton: campsite just flares into light i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just these just bright light everywhere, not inside the tense.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise just everything lit up entirely.
Timothy Sackton: That creatures certainly don't seem pleased by this development.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends your turn.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah, although I think on these tools.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this.
Timothy Sackton: um let's see what's his move.
Timothy Sackton: He is he is not these these a shadow we dogs now, you can see them, you can see them clearly now.
Timothy Sackton: They are not pleased by the light, this was gonna run 12345678.
Timothy Sackton: oops sorry that was the 111234567 and then it will dash 12345678 to get out of the range of the daylight spell and now in among your horses.
Mike Sackton: Oh that's not good.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need.
Rev. David (he/him): may have made things worse.
Timothy Sackton: that's why same situation 1-234-567-8123 467.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe need.
Timothy Sackton: To get out of this.
Timothy Sackton: range of this bow and again now, your horses are like rearing up in terror and.
Timothy Sackton: As these shadow dogs appear among your horses on.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as they're out of the range of the daylight they're gone.
Timothy Sackton: That with Europe.
Mike Sackton: Which shadow dog, am I afraid of Out of curiosity is.
Timothy Sackton: One right here, though this is like bigger and stronger than the others.
Mike Sackton: i'm green flame blade.
Mike Sackton: spell is written says that you can cause fire to weep to an adjacent creature, can I cause fire to leap to an adjacent block of magnesium.
Timothy Sackton: I think, so I would say, you need to.
Timothy Sackton: strike the magnesium, but you can cause the.
Timothy Sackton: Fire to leap to the shadow from the museum.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: So I will use a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I will break the magnesium with my Green flame with my sword, then.
Mike Sackton: I do, I have to roll to hit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean that's in the heat of battle with disadvantage, because the the.
Timothy Sackton: source of your fear is within your line of sight, but it's a low AC.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a small cube of metal.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's pretty easy to hit.
Mike Sackton: All right, well, I probably gonna mess.
Mike Sackton: Well, I guess, if it sounds good enough.
Timothy Sackton: is good enough.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let me roll again, but that was a three is my role so.
Mike Sackton: unlikely that I will do that okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah um.
Mike Sackton: So I will do, and so, then I will do one day.
Mike Sackton: To the guy next to me, to the shadow.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you swing down the.
Timothy Sackton: What was that six um.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The magnesium just bursts into this incredibly bright flare like rivaling the daylight this this let's give it it's probably not going to be let's say it's gonna be about I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet 30 feet and say 30 feet um so within this inner radius that's just like you know right like you know, the combination of the daylight, and this intense warring i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Of the of the magnesium is just flooding this area it's like there's a flood light shining down on it um the shadow like cringes back from the source of light so close to it if shadows can cringes almost it almost kind of disappears in a sense, because there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's no shadows at all here right everything is just with the different directions that light is coming from.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to almost hunch in on itself.
Timothy Sackton: And, as your flame strikes at it again kind of crunches a bet.
Timothy Sackton: And you can make a savings, or just shake the fear effect.
Timothy Sackton: Did you want to do something with your bonus.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: With my bonus action, I am going to.
Mike Sackton: cass.
Mike Sackton: let's see which do I want to use.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to this this guy looks bigger.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this one is bigger.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm gonna curse that guy.
Rev. David (he/him): With my tears.
Timothy Sackton: that's your turn.
Mike Sackton: beds my turn i'm.
Mike Sackton: Did that that 23 shakes my fear, but I can't i'm afraid this turn right that takes.
Timothy Sackton: still afraid.
Mike Sackton: I can't move towards the big guy.
Now.
Mike Sackton: i'll curse them and feel energized by cursing the shake the fear.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now it it's gonna go um.
Timothy Sackton: And again, it seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Quite.
Timothy Sackton: Quite shaken by the.
Timothy Sackton: By the light, but i'm in better control of itself.
Timothy Sackton: rack thinking any way that dealt with is the source of the light it's going to force itself to run in towards you.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm and try and bite you.
Timothy Sackton: With disadvantage because it's in bright light.
Timothy Sackton: what's What did you say your AC was.
Timothy Sackton: The wrong walk so you've got your Armor and everything.
Timothy Sackton: And Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: clangs off your Armor on eventually.
Timothy Sackton: And now the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow that's attacking you can so in the in the shade of the end i'm.
Timothy Sackton: less affected by the light still some dim light now coming in um.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: It is gonna again reach out for you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Miss it's just having a hard time getting a Bead on Bead on you, with it.
Timothy Sackton: As you're kind of dodging away the one that's next to you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: will strike you with disadvantage, which is nice because it rolled up.
Timothy Sackton: 20 on its first role um, but it does manage to hit even like you know, trying to avoid the trying to cringe away from the lipids just going to reach out and grab you.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I am using my shadow rebuke.
Mike Sackton: To do 11 points of psychic damage to it.
Mike Sackton: As the shadow attacks.
Mike Sackton: Like these other purple or darker shadows come out from Dallas Armor and like entangle themselves with the shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fighting shadow shadow.
Timothy Sackton: At.
Timothy Sackton: It cringes from this.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Get wisdom, save for half.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
it's wisdom is not great.
Mike Sackton: I assume it's my I don't have a safety as 15 say anything.
Timothy Sackton: it's at thousand said um but as it touches you you're you feel cold and the strength drains out of your body you take eight points of narcotic damage and your strengths scores reduced by three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: good thing I don't need strength for anything.
Timothy Sackton: penza Europe oops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that title, can I do, can I do my bonus action first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And like throw the pretense off so that were like like you know before light is now being on the dude.
Timothy Sackton: That would be your action to throw them.
Mike Sackton: Under the tent does anybody know offhand how I reduce my stress score.
Timothy Sackton: Oh in D amp D beyond yeah I don't think there's a way to do it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: keep a note of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah can I use my staff and attack the shadow to like push it out of the tents into the light.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh you wouldn't be with your staff, but you could you can attempt to grapple it and drag it into the light for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can't I just attack it with my staff, but just like you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it may you may.
Timothy Sackton: want to have your attacks with a with a grapple so you can you can grab it and then, if you grab it, you can drag it into light and then do your second attack and your bonus action.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh biggest might tense like how am I even able to fight inside this is like.
Timothy Sackton: A sleeping bag or site.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you're like.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's probably got a four foot ceiling or something so you're frozen over but you're pretty maneuverable um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow we're like limping okay.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it's not quite that tall.
Timothy Sackton: So make acrobatics check.
Timothy Sackton: to grapple it.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry athletics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No acrobatics.
Timothy Sackton: Know i'm well hold on, let me.
Timothy Sackton: Let me confirm this.
Timothy Sackton: Like flipping through wires forget.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can let you know.
Timothy Sackton: i'm pretty sure it's athletics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like my in my life very high acrobatic score has not been very useful.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's useful for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's redemptive grapple somebody you make a strength athletics.
Mike Sackton: Or you can grapple the shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can just use your your ring to jump.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: Try to grapple a shadow they previously have shown the ability to go through very small areas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I get it out of the instable light, I want to get out of it tense.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can get out of it.
Mike Sackton: But like.
Mike Sackton: What would keep it from just going through your fingers.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's a shadow interesting question, it is a shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or destroy my tense.
Mike Sackton: Just destroy your 10 will be sleeps with exactly anyway.
Rev. David (he/him): there's no space for both of us with baxter, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: write.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What magical fiery things that I do I got this printer power does about do something bad in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only like kind of magically type of attack that I had to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How wounded, is the shadow, and I even tell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's wounded i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not horribly wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will use.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to you know, like remember you can use salt site as a bonus action now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's right oh as a bonus action nice okay cool yeah I can I saw said first.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He also said.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's 16 HP.
16 HP.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll i'll use my yeah all Allah Allah Allah Boston.
Mike Sackton: This one should be almost dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but it's not like like the the amount of damage that i'm doing is like it's like it's like when I hit him i'm not doing full damage.
Mike Sackton: No, but the one that is near me should be almost dead, because I did 11 if, at the same hip points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah so let me i'm gonna i'm gonna play the power of this dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I did here.
Mike Sackton: The one thing i'm nervous about is none of us have strength scores right I don't know what happens if my string school goes to zero, but it cannot possibly be good.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I died died twice, maybe fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Torture.
Mike Sackton: killing the shadows quickly would.
Mike Sackton: be a wise move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm going to discipline your power this dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That looks like a good number right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it needs to make a strength save ooh that's a lot of damage.
Mike Sackton: that's a good role.
well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it fails you you focus on this shadow for a moment and i'm just like look look into its assets and you can see that it is only loosely connected to this world.
Timothy Sackton: And so you just concentrate for a moment and just reach out and twist and it just explodes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I still.
Timothy Sackton: have your fist punches through at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What doesn't and i'm a little edit button is it can I can I like since the thread to which it's like connected to whatever nether realm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Not not in combat you need more time to study it in order to be able to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had to tie one of these things up to interrogate it but yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I was going to do a cool uber I like snap bread, but if I can't sense that that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could you could you could do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah you could do that you just can't really send anything about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that's fine that's fine So for me what what, so I think what Kansas becoming more and more aware of is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The connections between various sentient beings in the material plane, with the planet consciousness by these you know weird little threads or whatever they might be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so yeah so kenzo kind of like the figures out where it is like you know total concentration and focus and then you know reaches out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you know basically like cuts the thread like with his bare palm we discuss it, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of you outside like just watching the 10th is just like what the Fuck is going on there because it's like you know staff rattling noises and then like the shadow, just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like there's a massive explosion and then the shadow like burst out of its natural like How does it die, but what happens to it.
Timothy Sackton: It just kind of burst out of the tent and it sort of stumbles back into the light for a moment and it just gets lighter and lighter and lighter until it vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: Like the light starts shining through it and then it, it looks like it's been consumed by like magnesium fire basically from your perspective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, and after that kenzo like like, finally, like steps out of the tend to like look at what the Fuck is going on outside in this, you know crazy battle.
Mike Sackton: Maybe somebody should keep our horses from being eaten.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you're out.
Mike Sackton: whenever you wanted to make a stab at killing the shadow that's going to drain on my strength and we've me at rotting I asked on the ground, I wouldn't mind either.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm okay i'm going to cast i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: shielding my eyes, with one hand from the magnesium flair but trying to look in that direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: To try to help Elvis I raised my other hand, in the air.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: clench my fingers into a fist as a handmade of earth rises from the ground um I guess i'll put it.
Eric Rosenbaum: up a little symbol.
Timothy Sackton: We can do for out.
Timothy Sackton: I thought I had one, but I don't see where it is hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: To take away all my.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure.
Mike Sackton: Why, it keeps actually I keep trying to look at my strength and it accidentally rolls ignore that strength role.
Timothy Sackton: i'll have to wait hold on, I think.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I don't have to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah i'm realizing i'm role playing heads around me just be doing what acrobatic.
Eric Rosenbaum: gonna like leap in the air man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm saying I need to like putting like jumped from where I am on some forces in like rubbing Logan like fucking you know crazy shit.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the hand appears grasping the shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: crushing the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: see your moronically.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it works.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So you you so what how much damage is that due.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the six bludgeoning damage and restrained for the duration of the spill.
Timothy Sackton: Okay roll that blessing damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we did that work, but its way sorry.
Timothy Sackton: yeah eight so.
Timothy Sackton: Your hand sort of closes around the shadow, and the shadow just oozes out from the hand i'm.
Timothy Sackton: crush like you're you're squeezing it you're clearly doing damage to um but there's no way the hand can grasp that so it just kind of loses out around the hand but it's clearly been hurt by that.
Timothy Sackton: By that move.
Timothy Sackton: While be.
Rev. David (he/him): Talking his reaction yep i'm gonna tell baxter and the horses come into the light.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): And then the shoot the.
Rev. David (he/him): shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Which one.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there more than one left.
Mike Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: A shadow.
Timothy Sackton: shadow shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this shadow here.
Rev. David (he/him): So take careful.
Rev. David (he/him): With.
Timothy Sackton: let's you're gonna.
Timothy Sackton: You probably got a move like around here because right now it's kind of blocked by Dallas, but if you move down to like.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna have that's gonna have cover if you to carefully.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't matter what you did.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And I think after.
Timothy Sackton: 2020 so you're still gonna hit um.
Timothy Sackton: And it has only one hit point left, so no need to even real damn damn it damage.
Timothy Sackton: So your arrow.
Timothy Sackton: you're catching the last.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you as the arrow leaves that's not.
Timothy Sackton: So it's not on fire, but there's still like a little glint to.
Timothy Sackton: The bow and is it pierces as the shadow again, it does this thing with the light kind of spreads out from the shadow and then.
Timothy Sackton: And then, it just burst into this.
Timothy Sackton: like pieces of light piercing through the shadow on it, it vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to bring us to the shadow dog, so the horses.
Timothy Sackton: The horses are going to start to run.
Timothy Sackton: towards the light.
Timothy Sackton: And, as they do.
Timothy Sackton: just out of out of nowhere this like leaping climbing on.
Timothy Sackton: dog one.
Timothy Sackton: Two horses get get clean away into the light i'm.
Timothy Sackton: These two down here and baxter.
Timothy Sackton: runs right up to you.
Timothy Sackton: one.
Rev. David (he/him): Extra should be defending the horses.
Timothy Sackton: Okay baxter's here like standing at the edge of the light like getting big kissing at the horses um.
Timothy Sackton: One horse you see just this this flicker as.
Timothy Sackton: These two dogs appear on both just tear into this horse who falls dad.
Timothy Sackton: And that's and then, as this one is running also.
Timothy Sackton: dead, but the other three managed to get into the light and these two.
Timothy Sackton: two dogs now kind of converge just on the edge in the dim light at the edge of the.
Timothy Sackton: radius of the sunlight and again kind of vanished into the shadows that are.
Timothy Sackton: That are cast at the edge of this sunlight.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to bring us to Dallas.
Mike Sackton: OK, I will cast hacks.
Mike Sackton: On the guy in front of me.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack.
Mike Sackton: First attack.
Mike Sackton: That has been hit.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so that does nine damage plus sex from the hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack again.
Mike Sackton: 19, which is a crack because he's cursed.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Mike Sackton: So I did that already roll my.
Timothy Sackton: it's not it doesn't roll it's not rolling Max a real today's.
Mike Sackton: Yes, for the heck is.
Mike Sackton: The hacks like 26 in it.
Timothy Sackton: No, but it's a crap doesn't a double.
Timothy Sackton: No, sorry I.
Mike Sackton: Just know it's a spouse it's.
Mike Sackton: Just doubles the yeah right right right.
Mike Sackton: Right so three additional so.
Mike Sackton: nine plus.
Timothy Sackton: And what type of damage does your hex played curse do is that mechanic.
Mike Sackton: That exploit curses in the chronic yes okay.
Timothy Sackton: So he's strike at at your you slash at your weapon cutting into it, but it almost looks up at you and laughs.
Timothy Sackton: and your curse seems to be doing nothing.
Mike Sackton: Right, the curse.
Mike Sackton: Probably doesn't take the chronic damage that's too bad.
Mike Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: That ends here to rest of its magical damage, though.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: That is my turn yeah.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is gonna this large large one is gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Again kind of bark and and give a, how will not the same sort of terrifying I won't open combat with.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be commanding something to the other two.
Timothy Sackton: Other two creatures.
Timothy Sackton: And that's going to go ahead and bite you, which hits.
Mike Sackton: alright.
So.
Timothy Sackton: Seven damage and you need to make a strength saving throw.
Mike Sackton: ooh that's rough I will curse it again.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good Barbecue inspiration or making it easier for our cool stuff.
Mike Sackton: But by frank saving throws not doing very well.
Timothy Sackton: So, as it leaves up towards you as your shadows reach up around it, it just leaps on top of you knocking you down with its bite, and you are not prone.
Who.
Timothy Sackton: But that will end its turn.
Mike Sackton: shadows are going how much damage was it sorry TIM seven you said.
Timothy Sackton: Seven damage.
Mike Sackton: That was the wrong spell.
Timothy Sackton: Canada Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I was moving the drift Globe you stuff like.
Timothy Sackton: I was, you have to go pick it up to move at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna go i'm not going to move lead with love.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel this for a while.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will go here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does this thing work and.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll talk to you about photoshop.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs dodges out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll talk about the quarters now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome Mrs man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God i'm on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm better fighting in that sense.
Mike Sackton: Apparently.
Timothy Sackton: The bright light of that magnesium flares blinding.
Eric Rosenbaum: throws off your game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: To too much laker game it's um I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still Men still squinting away from the light hold on one hand, to protect my face from the glow of the magnesium I use my other.
Eric Rosenbaum: to guide the earthen hand to.
Eric Rosenbaum: grip the dog.
let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as the the hand goes to close in on it, it just kind of pushes it away i'm just some pretty beefy dog it manages to shake off your attempt.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, a bonus action I can do inspiration right, so I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: form a big a glowing orb of inspiration to attach to Dallas head as though he were wearing a type of lamp on the head headlamp.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you will, which does not exist in this world that.
Mike Sackton: that's a Wendy sex is that.
Mike Sackton: What is inspiration, give me the de de 46.
Mike Sackton: I think it's a da da.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait let me check.
Timothy Sackton: Because our doesn't it go up when you get fifth level.
Timothy Sackton: And that's your characters and.
Eric Rosenbaum: 21 day.
Mike Sackton: get to that.
Timothy Sackton: Saving throw attack role.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be.
Rev. David (he/him): On the shoot the.
Rev. David (he/him): Lower and left more of the two dogs all.
Timothy Sackton: These two they are, they are invisible, you cannot see them.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I mean they vanished from site, you can you can gas and aim at a square if you want.
Timothy Sackton: The rumors are.
Eric Rosenbaum: The horses are casting shadows, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Well, actually sorry what's your passive perception.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you.
Timothy Sackton: have a very high passive perception.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you do know.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear them moving about in the darkness you can't see them, but you, with your with your hearing you, with your perception what it is you.
Timothy Sackton: You know where they are, but you'll have disadvantage on the attack because they can't you can't see them.
Rev. David (he/him): move first and have come with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep nice Nice.
Rev. David (he/him): So, like i'll move here, maybe have to drink live concert that it's right in the square next to me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me that says, so this is this one doesn't have daylight, so this, this is just the light spell, let me make that.
Timothy Sackton: So this one will be like here.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: They they appear as the light put see they weren't they were.
Here should move myself.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the drift go as you bring them into the light into them they they reappear and you can see them clearly.
Rev. David (he/him): uh.
Rev. David (he/him): let's think about this there's not an ally within five feet of them.
No.
Rev. David (he/him): I can't do anymore.
Rev. David (he/him): I probably can't hide, given that i'm standing right next to.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I can hide.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter there.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter's now I.
Rev. David (he/him): can better move forward before I attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you could hide behind baxter.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah baxter kid well, I guess, so you know his turn there's normally after yours, but he could you could hold your attack he could move, and then you could take your shot.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll do that i'll have better move down into the last.
Timothy Sackton: May.
Timothy Sackton: I think you can control baxter.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: What a loyal.
creature.
Timothy Sackton: So baxter can occupy your space unless you're gonna.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm fudging slightly, but that's fine.
Rev. David (he/him): And then fill a tech.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay wow awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And then you get your your attack as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the the title, the second book in the series is baxter's shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Rev. David (he/him): know so.
Timothy Sackton: He says.
Rev. David (he/him): to bed, and then i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: That that hits.
Timothy Sackton: And they are in bright light.
Timothy Sackton: So it's yeah your as you as you bring the light to you know to be covering them they seem to solidify a little bit and your arrow as it strikes them, I guess, your arrows are magical anyway um as it strikes them does a lot of damage like he's pretty badly hurt now.
Timothy Sackton: But now it is their turn.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: One is go and they are going to.
Timothy Sackton: Both attack.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to attack baxter.
know.
Timothy Sackton: which hits for 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: enroll D 20.
Timothy Sackton: sorry that one's gonna attack baxter this one's gonna move to attack you.
Timothy Sackton: baxter, however, is not knocked down just standing up.
Timothy Sackton: fights them off.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just got a lot of hit points that's what i'm talking about.
Timothy Sackton: And that was back in again disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Because in bright light, but it's gonna attack you.
Timothy Sackton: what's your Oh, but you don't have any Armor on presumably.
Rev. David (he/him): So be 13 then.
Timothy Sackton: So that hats, so you take 10 points of damage and have to make a string saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: So you are not prone baxter's like standing up like her standing over you now, as this this dog knocks you down and that will bring us to death.
i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Actually i'm ending my turn within five feet as an enemy.
Rev. David (he/him): So let me just look real quick.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah you can move on your phone.
Rev. David (he/him): You can move up to speed as a reaction when me and it's turned within five feet of you, without provoking the opportunity attacks.
Timothy Sackton: So when you're approaching your speed is reduced by half, so that means you could move a quarter of your speed.
Rev. David (he/him): So scoop back five feet that way yeah.
Mike Sackton: um, how do you stand up, as it just a movement action.
Timothy Sackton: that's half your move to stand up okay.
Mike Sackton: So I will stand up.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack.
Mike Sackton: This guy in front of me.
Mike Sackton: But this time i'm going to use booming blade since he doesn't seem to be bothered by.
Mike Sackton: Ah, well actually i'm just gonna attack twice, I take that back to attacks is better than wait.
Thank.
Mike Sackton: So that's 12 damage.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And with that strike your weapon cuts through the.
Timothy Sackton: This creatures shadowy form and again it kind of begins to disintegrate into nothingness as this creature dies.
Mike Sackton: and dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Some of that as as the creature dies like a backlash of energy flows from.
Mike Sackton: flows from the creature to Dallas and he looks a lot healthier.
Timothy Sackton: Your arm, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to move you still have half your movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: not unlike the power, the crush has to.
Eric Rosenbaum: suck it.
Mike Sackton: kills one of the creatures that's cursed he regains hit points i'm going to use a bonus action to move.
Mike Sackton: On to me, is a bonus action to re target the hacks even though it's not that useful.
Mike Sackton: Okay, one of these things just to keep it active and then I will use.
Mike Sackton: Like half my moves what is that.
Timothy Sackton: You can move three squares.
See.
Mike Sackton: 123.
Mike Sackton: Actually.
123.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it is not long before delta is beating on us i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: So, so can you see in the distance baxter being and well being swarmed by 10 of these dogs that have appeared in this out of the shadows as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK Finally, can I can I can, where I am like just jump over to where they are.
Timothy Sackton: You can't quite make it, you have 40 feet of speed, I believe, so you could use you could use a key to dash as a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay um, but what is the ring of jumping let me do.
Timothy Sackton: So you can cast the jump spell on yourself as well, which.
Timothy Sackton: I think triples your jump distance.
Timothy Sackton: So that's less useful in combat it's more like you know if there's a 30 foot Canyon you need to get across you can.
Mike Sackton: It takes an action.
Mike Sackton: Right so it's not worth using your attack the cast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: So right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can just.
Timothy Sackton: You can just run there if you spend a key should have some laughs you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll run there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I use the key to dash there sorry for the I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That he's one of the soul say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't have to spend the key to Seoul site only if you want to learn if they're affected by magic or.
Timothy Sackton: Other things.
Timothy Sackton: Just to do the basic salsa doesn't cost the key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I just I just asked over there yet i'll just all despite it all just attack it with.
Timothy Sackton: Meg.
Timothy Sackton: So you don't get your arm strike you just get to staff attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speckled alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1932 hands.
Timothy Sackton: bloody that's ah let's see um let's see this was the one that was not damaged.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, go ahead next attack.
Timothy Sackton: Nice hits as well.
Timothy Sackton: Another six damage so as you run up and you start smacking it, you know as these.
Timothy Sackton: creatures are in the light now they seem more substantial and your hits are are striking them these dogs anyway, are striking them.
Timothy Sackton: harder.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: um the hand is still active.
Timothy Sackton: yeah near the magnesium movement to get all the way over to sorry I didn't mean to delete at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay reappear anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: As an action you can cause the hand to reach for a different creature to move to different unoccupied space within range and the range is 30 feet Oh, is it 30 feet from the hand though, or for me yeah.
I would say, it should be.
Timothy Sackton: 3030 feet from you.
A.
Mike Sackton: Quick note the creature has disadvantage on strength ability checks not saves right but.
Mike Sackton: Okay, if it comes up i'll use hacks to give it does it mean when I text it strength would be via.
Timothy Sackton: So if you move.
Timothy Sackton: If you move.
Timothy Sackton: Like to their like you just need to be within 30 feet of your target.
Timothy Sackton: yeah move to there yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and so I will I will send the hand I I reach up over my head and make a kind of rapid crawling motion with my fingers sending the hand scrabbling across past the magnesium fire past the horses and over to attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: By shadow dog.
Timothy Sackton: Again, the dogs, unlike the shadows, unlike the shadow creatures, the dogs are.
Timothy Sackton: Are beefy and it again kind of shrugged off your.
Timothy Sackton: Your hand.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but you can give inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been asked if you want, I will I will send a glowing headlamp of inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who needs it more kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well but you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): I will stand up take studying and shoot that dog.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: um but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that hits and as this this dog again solidified by the light.
Timothy Sackton: burst into like sort of creeping through it i'm at this point with between kenzo and down with moving in its with only one of them left it's relatively short work for you to finish off the last one just in the interest of expediency.
minutes.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: As the as the fight they seem completely uninterested in retreat they've obviously been set on you, but.
Timothy Sackton: With their with the shadows and the and the Alpha dog dad these two and trapped in the light these two.
Timothy Sackton: shatter dogs do not last long as you.
Timothy Sackton: Take them down.
Timothy Sackton: Now it being.
Timothy Sackton: Still.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere just past midnight.
Timothy Sackton: the darkness of the unquiet of the desert returns, the darkness I guess the magnesium has probably burned out by now, but the bright light of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the drift globes and the sunlight still.
Timothy Sackton: A glowing beacon in the middle of the desert blotting out the night.
Timothy Sackton: As two dead horses.
Mike Sackton: And otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: weekend, but not completely.
Timothy Sackton: drained down with.
Mike Sackton: i'm fine i'm only thousand 500 points.
Mike Sackton: I mean I can't walk I can't I can't like lift anything.
Timothy Sackton: You can barely carry your Armor.
Right.
Mike Sackton: But totally unaffected by in combat since I don't use strength to fight with.
Mike Sackton: powers as weapons with this person has shining in lovely personality.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I know that was a bit chaotic, but did anyone get a clear count how many of those shadows, there were.
Mike Sackton: two.
Mike Sackton: plus three dogs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean there's seven more.
Mike Sackton: six.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I saw garage send eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little to Lord of the Rings of East.
Mike Sackton: and West and West these shadow dogs turn to and from shadow creatures, as they as they.
Mike Sackton: del.
Rev. David (he/him): Norte is certain that all eight of them came in this direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should still sleep with the lights on tonight.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are you able to draw energy from those shadows.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: The connection, I have to forget that creatures name TIM what's up with you.
anyway.
Mike Sackton: The connection, I have to.
Mike Sackton: This other realm whoever.
Mike Sackton: saved me lets me.
Mike Sackton: gain.
Mike Sackton: insight into an enemy on the battlefield.
Mike Sackton: That both.
Mike Sackton: heals me when that creature dies and helps me to target my strikes against it.
Rev. David (he/him): You suck the life from your enemies, as you kill them.
Mike Sackton: feel like that.
Rev. David (he/him): there's no judgment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No judgment here jealous we've told a lot of things over the past couple of months i'm not discerning about how it is there, you go got it.
Mike Sackton: It it it feels more awake.
Mike Sackton: Gaining some.
Mike Sackton: respite from my wounds from myself.
Mike Sackton: Rather than gaining the life of the.
Mike Sackton: creature I kill.
Mike Sackton: It like a.
Mike Sackton: gratitude for.
Mike Sackton: defeat.
Mike Sackton: or.
Mike Sackton: Power I get from defeating an enemy not not.
Mike Sackton: it's not sucking the life from the creature.
Rev. David (he/him): will be mixed a tiny subtle eye contact with kenzo and justice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was never a good time to pick like a break a little five minute break.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah, although I was hoping we'd wrap up in like an hour.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's what i'm aiming for.
Eric Rosenbaum: This sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: five minute break then another.
hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's installment number one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've got one.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric you check your phone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I saw like a comic thing he sent.
Mike Sackton: yeah did you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just sent I just sent installment number two.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm gonna send three and four right now there's only there's only four of them who let's do.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I knew introduced me to this.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: graphic novel or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, graphic novel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it's basically about us.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and basically like something happens um several months, several months later in human time like they you know cuz six of them disappear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, and then only five of them comes back and one of them doesn't have an arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And like what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then yeah yeah literally there's not a fucking are I forgotten even realize that her yeah and then and then like 18 years later, when they're they're all adults something else happens and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other things happen from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the year of the start 91 I think it said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's literally like tracks.
Our shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I think we like like not I mean that's when I started, I think you guys started playing a little earlier than I did.
Timothy Sackton: We got.
Timothy Sackton: One the basics for like car.
Mike Sackton: I think was fourth grade fourth grade right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which would have been what year.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it was fourth grade, but we didn't we didn't we mostly played with like our neighbors down the street, I think, until middle school.
Eric Rosenbaum: For school but.
Mike Sackton: He now because the fifth grade.
Mike Sackton: me and john Bay Har and maybe shorts was there to use to skip recess to read the monsters menu on Mr happy.
Timothy Sackton: that's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome.
I remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, totally remember that.
Mike Sackton: We were you part of the skip recess to read the monsters manual.
Timothy Sackton: yeah every one of you, except for me was part of that.
Timothy Sackton: Like me, and Keegan you're like doing serious you are doing that, like solar car race and like actual like academic stuff and I was like just constantly annoyed that you said, your recess goofing off reading the monster manual and I had to do work that's funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do you remember that I really do remember that yeah Mr hathaway just like was like a chaos, like you, just like Fuck you guys want to do.
Mike Sackton: yeah he was just like here's a dd modules.
Mike Sackton: Go play.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was around the time that Ellen and I were inventing her own taste based games as well.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we were you are definitely in serious game invention mode at that point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: towards you did you did you get the text messages.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude so I want to I actually was like contemplating just like sending them all to you because there's such a great it's a graphic novel there's three volumes that i've gotten so far and yeah Eric I knew I knew like lemons and he was like dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice and was given to me but it's it's great it's great shorts you know y'all you should definitely guys definitely check it out, because it's like semi autobiographical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But actually if you map it a little too much to us to that so it gets a little creepy so.
Rev. David (he/him): Many of us sleep would be trouble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that happens, actually, as far as I can tell, but um yeah I was telling these guys like that what when the like the six characters they like they like disappear, and then only five of them come back and then one of them is missing an arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right very, very right like so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice nice spread, not even thought about.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't believe we're good we're gonna be able to email Ryan, who went to um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were tweeting at him.
Because.
Timothy Sackton: it's more.
Mike Sackton: it's more like tweets it's like 25 words.
Eric Rosenbaum: SMS basically yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: In the aftermath.
Timothy Sackton: Of the battle, the desert brightly lit up.
Timothy Sackton: How long does daylight last like an hour or something, are you okay.
Timothy Sackton: You settle yourself back.
Timothy Sackton: into your watch.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see so who's so seeker after you is kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were just beginning of my watch.
Timothy Sackton: So your watch passes on eventually kenzo I need you to make a wisdom save a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: buck, but we don't fight it right.
Mike Sackton: There still six of them out there, presumably or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some number.
Rev. David (he/him): So we've had at least a short rest, though.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah i'm the Banda Joe baxter.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): tell him that he's very, very good xp.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of the night passes on eventually.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As the dawn rises.
Timothy Sackton: realizing that you are still you know within striking distance of hard drives camp, but now, without your pack horses it's either gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna be slower going you won't be able to.
Timothy Sackton: switch mounts you won't be able to you're gonna have to.
Timothy Sackton: Although I guess now in your your strength goes back as.
Timothy Sackton: The color comes back into dealt with over the course of the as he wakes up he's doesn't is not you know.
Timothy Sackton: hobbling along under the weight of his Armor anymore just just as normal week self.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: esteem.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's gonna be you know it's gonna be a bit a bit of a stretch to get to to hop jazz camp today in your with your reduced.
Timothy Sackton: These mounts.
Timothy Sackton: did want to say something.
Timothy Sackton: So you can all take long rest and heal up and everything.
Timothy Sackton: get your spells and everything back.
Timothy Sackton: But if you're willing to ride some you know, partly into the night, you certainly can still make it there, make it there today.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we need to add a water.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: well run out of water, today, I mean we have enough water for an extra day right because we got another half days worth of water right.
Timothy Sackton: So the day passes slowly and.
Timothy Sackton: Hot.
Timothy Sackton: As here now, you know, taking some breaks to walk by the sides of the horses, to give them a rest is there still carrying all your supplies.
Timothy Sackton: it's tiring it's you know the heat is is beating down during the heat of the day, but you push into the night i'm making good progress, and you know about an hour to after sunset you come.
Timothy Sackton: To the sort of cliff Canyon edge where.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me put you on the map, where hop dance camp is no sign of life anywhere, not that a camp was slaughtered just that the people have left.
Timothy Sackton: The dead bodies either though Oh, the spring is still there um you know it's it's a it's a well defended and sheltered campsite um but have dire seems to have moved on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He tracks in the end, like and he says about recently.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably you're probably gonna have to do that in the morning.
Mike Sackton: yeah what some.
Mike Sackton: let's set up whatever account you know let's set up camp and.
Mike Sackton: What are our horses and.
Mike Sackton: White lights white white, I think we stick with the White strategy that seemed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and if there's if there's like we should we should camp like right next to the water, too, because the light off the water and stuff like that and be a little bit even.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything else that we learned from that encounter.
Mike Sackton: don't fight these things at night, without the daylights.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were they most vulnerable to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fire magic.
light.
Eric Rosenbaum: The light didn't completely keep them away seemed to slow them down a little.
Mike Sackton: And like it i'll notice to how the dogs could become invisible if they weren't in the way.
Rev. David (he/him): They became more solid when they were.
Mike Sackton: They when they were in the light, we could actually see them that was, I think, fairly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's not them or easily.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: They all seemed easier to.
Mike Sackton: To fight just in the white, I think.
Mike Sackton: We learned they.
Mike Sackton: Have resistant, you know.
Mike Sackton: mundane no offense kenzo weapons.
Mike Sackton: don't seem to hurt them much.
Timothy Sackton: Just wait till you level sex when your fists are magical.
Timothy Sackton: Really yeah.
Word sweet.
Mike Sackton: And one of my spouse was not effective against them at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: which was that.
Mike Sackton: The the curse the hex which does rotting democratic roddick damage right like it it.
Mike Sackton: drains their wife energy.
Mike Sackton: But I think in a way that was ineffective.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps they have none to begin with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And those giving um well be aside, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: See so tell us as a hobby you drain life energy huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: just wondering if there's any other strategy that we might use to defend ourselves or or keep these things off of us.
Mike Sackton: I think that the White seem to have worked pretty well if we had just.
Mike Sackton: Maybe camp in a more tight.
Mike Sackton: You should really set up a tight campsite with horses, but everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should set, we should build more fires should we build a few fires on the perimeter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the horses close to us.
Mike Sackton: Maybe but, but I think the drift globes.
Mike Sackton: The dwarf in magic is quite powerful here.
Rev. David (he/him): If we had like our back you can see the cliffs.
Rev. David (he/him): We could put the to drift globes 30 feet out from the cliff and.
Mike Sackton: feet, apart from each other, exactly great.
Rev. David (he/him): Put the horses in the Center against the cliff.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you're talking.
Mike Sackton: We want we want.
Mike Sackton: me to put all of us to be within range and can anybody activate the drift Globe it's just a command were great.
Timothy Sackton: that's just the command word.
Mike Sackton: So we want everybody.
Mike Sackton: To be in range and of the drift globe and the the whoever's on watch any he see anything suspicious, the first thing you do is activate the drift clubs.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this is a pretty well Defense I mean this location is easy to set up a camp like that, given that there's the Canyon wall and you've got the light reflecting from the spring and um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the you know it's you feel pretty pretty comfortable with your defenses here and the evening passes.
Timothy Sackton: But, eventually, except that.
Timothy Sackton: TAO F maker wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's this thing that keeps happening.
Rev. David (he/him): he's tracking.
Eric Rosenbaum: must be.
Timothy Sackton: As morning dawn's.
Timothy Sackton: it's clear that have left not too long ago.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you're skilled enough it tracking and survive all that it's it's you know spending a few moments half an hour kind of scouting the tracks and and investigating before you know well dealt with is preparing breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: You know, certainly less than a week probably more like two or three days ago and and headed West towards Carson or sorry not towards Carson back towards caraway.
Timothy Sackton: He was never planning on staying out in the desert, for more than you know, a couple of weeks, anyway, so this doesn't come as a as a big shock and having learned, potentially, having learned about the orcs he wanted to return relatively quickly.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: you're in the desert now.
Timothy Sackton: About 50 miles from the stone house 150 miles from a gotta dust mother or 150 miles and another 260 miles from.
Timothy Sackton: Eating breakfast deciding where you're going ahead next.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like we're at risk of having a kill off the rest of these shadows matter what feels like they're gonna haunt us until we we take them out.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no way we could lay a trap for them, or anything is there.
Mike Sackton: Is it we don't.
Rev. David (he/him): more urgent to tell the old months in the stone house.
Rev. David (he/him): That there's a thread on their doorstep or more urgent to carry that news back to Carol, what do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: The heart of the matter, so to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's something to address.
Mike Sackton: In Carolina yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see what you did there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David (he/him): there's an Institute and I.
Rev. David (he/him): don't like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but but works or not a threat to terawatt or the stone house that that the it's pretty clear that crushes is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's focused on finding whatever treasures in that isn't isn't in Carson is enough.
Mike Sackton: and wait for.
Rev. David (he/him): The East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but not the York City east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I don't possibly.
Mike Sackton: We don't know the treasures and Carson per se right.
Timothy Sackton: Or do doing now, you don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I thought we were speculating the treasure could be.
Mike Sackton: out in the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we did stumble into a foray that the orcs made bread here, not long ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: they've been sending parties out this direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If anything I would that I think the reason to return to the stone House would be in part to learn with or just share.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To povera right and what are the names again to.
Timothy Sackton: Papa and offer us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For pop on our bras, but I think perhaps more interesting would be to share with them what we learned about the history of the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did see if we can learn anything from them more maybe about either what happened, or what I was trying to do, because there's still is the deeper mystery of of of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what is going on and how, how is how's it how's any of you know how does my stone connect with any of what's happening to.
Mike Sackton: Do we think they know more than what we already learned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True, maybe not.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: We we watch the memories of some of the key I mean they were they were remind me.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything about their history, they were like apprentices time right.
Timothy Sackton: They were apprentices yeah.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they were also not.
Timothy Sackton: right they like they weren't there.
Timothy Sackton: They were apprentices and they weren't there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: it's time to return to Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would say this, I do feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: personally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bit of a sense of duty to share with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what was learned now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I never go into their order to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I have joined their order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know that doesn't have to happen now, we could get retarded Carola, but I think just for all of your awareness, I do feel a bit of an obligation to return and share with them on what we saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If it's.
Rev. David (he/him): Two days to their house.
Mike Sackton: I mean it adds what a day basically.
Timothy Sackton: adds.
Timothy Sackton: It would add two days here, Jeremy.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd be bringing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shadows with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and actually it's a good point there too, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're bringing the shadows wherever we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As far as even if.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should bring the shadows to got the dust mother and see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think Papa Papa an opera house or not, they could be useful allies in combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the centaurs are also in Cairo, I mean there's there's plenty of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they should be.
Mike Sackton: They said they weren't leaving until.
Mike Sackton: They understood what had gone wrong the.
Mike Sackton: kenzo I.
Mike Sackton: I think if you feel called to return, we should follow that to the stone house, we should follow that.
Mike Sackton: That feeling of yours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also feel as though perhaps we'll be in a in a are there still civilians and Carol yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's miss died there's not really like just regular people.
Is everybody felt.
Mike Sackton: I guess I guess they're all soldiers have there's people.
Timothy Sackton: Have doors, people are all soldiers and then there's there's the Miss die but there's not really at least when he left there weren't really anybody who was.
Timothy Sackton: Just like a random civilian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if it's not too much of a burden that I think stopping there first I think would be would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would certainly be useful for me and perhaps we may be able to learn something when we're there and there, there may be the possibility that you know the shadows do track us there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know why.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps they know how to set a trap for shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They may.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Rev. David (he/him): The shadows may also not care about anyone but us or they may not be able to track us across the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are they able to track us actually, this is a very good question you're posing while they.
Eric Rosenbaum: They they may be simply invisible during the day and follow close behind.
Mike Sackton: What we're in the unwritten son of the desert though at High Noon there are no shadows.
Mike Sackton: See you think feels like they would be.
Mike Sackton: Hidden you would see them if they were there's nowhere for them to hide I I feel like they're, they must be traveling.
So I would.
Mike Sackton: I would think they'd be traveling swiftly at night.
Mike Sackton: i'm or or through another round right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, through another realm Jesus.
Rev. David (he/him): let's go to the stillness and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you start off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With a stone house.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's about a two day journey you easily resupply at the Spring here, so you don't need to worry about water.
Timothy Sackton: Even even down some horses you're not like carrying giant loads of treasure back from car Center or anything like you did from the Tower so you're basically fine.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you probably can't carry weeks worth of water anymore, but a few days to get to the stone house, not an issue.
Timothy Sackton: You set out.
Timothy Sackton: And again, the first day pass on eventually and I just need one let's see one more wisdom save from seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: little boy wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: nailed it.
Timothy Sackton: The next day.
Timothy Sackton: passes on a badly, as well as you.
Timothy Sackton: approach the stone house let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I just keeping notes of time.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the stone house of Papa and offer us and all the accolades who study under them.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun is setting across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the slight rise up the hill where this sandstone house with the in Congress.
Timothy Sackton: pen of of chickens and now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm is laid out before you are, you can see i'm Papa, who is the.
Timothy Sackton: let's see I guess check my descriptions here um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So paga the slightly older younger one but balding i'm sitting outside watching the sunset and as.
Timothy Sackton: he sees you approach recognizing you in the distance he stands.
Timothy Sackton: waves and.
Timothy Sackton: Calls out to you greetings friends.
Timothy Sackton: All the things you back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need bring tidings of our travels to Carson to the temple of reshma.
Timothy Sackton: calm.
we're just about to eat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's music to our ears we've not eating well and many days.
Timothy Sackton: sort of calls out into the into the House.
Timothy Sackton: Are strange group of friends are back for us.
Timothy Sackton: amo see to their horses, please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM when we when we get into the kitchen or whatever I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, that the new business secret handshake to like you know, let them know that i've joined their order.
He.
Timothy Sackton: So so paga as you do this kind of his eyes go wide and he turns to you.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: How have you.
Timothy Sackton: Have you done this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We returned, what was the name of the simple it's just the temple of beach merge.
Timothy Sackton: template beach right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were trying to the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, in part, to try to understand the history of what occurred and the relationship that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hit the story of the history of the mist hi there and and also rye, and whatever unfolded and drink core and seeker and myself and enter the temple and saw the history of the space, and I was asked by of all leads to give my life, and I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I proceeded through the initiation ritual and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've joined the order.
Timothy Sackton: You must be.
Timothy Sackton: incredibly strong to have done that, with no training or preparation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did die.
Early.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which was, I think a bit of a burden to my companions given the the troubles that we were facing it on and.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's alarming, to say the least.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Going into such a ritual and.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I wouldn't say unprepared, I think you also helped the train me a bit, and again I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of the events of the past couple of months have been a form of training.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we do have some some serious news to share and we have learned quite a bit about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about the history of the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: itself, I can kind of just give it give the details of like what we what we experienced what we saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know just kind of was like I saw the start, first by just sharing like the history of the temple like you know interacting with the ghosts and all that just to see like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you did you know any of these people that we met on explaining that weird fucking Hall, where we could like you know pick memories and then you know.
Timothy Sackton: The whole process, so they had both been when they were.
Timothy Sackton: Young right so they're you know they're pretty old now and and like when they were young apprentices they had been to the monastery, even though they did not stay there.
Timothy Sackton: So, so they know I mean they were the ones who told you about the whole stories in the first is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah right.
Timothy Sackton: So, so, then they know what you're talking about they you know they're.
Timothy Sackton: Papas like it is a place like none other I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am sad that it is no longer so accessible to us, but please that it doesn't seem to have failed entirely.
Timothy Sackton: This is in many ways joyous news you bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The orcs that are now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Throughout the area, though, on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've learned more about their activities share we learned about the orcs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do you know what treasure crush seeks, and do you know, do you think that this has anything to do with what happens at the temple 30 years ago or before.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: I know little of.
Timothy Sackton: Of treasure over us, you know.
Timothy Sackton: they're there were those of rest times and there were those.
Timothy Sackton: adventures that pass through like a month ago now heading East they weren't looking for something.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah wait, they were.
Timothy Sackton: They seemed determined and.
Timothy Sackton: Once they unfriendly but.
Timothy Sackton: The vibe we got from them was not one that you would want to reveal yourself to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you have any idea, do you have any idea what everybody's looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where they're looking.
Timothy Sackton: We were never so concerned with.
Things.
Timothy Sackton: People are what matter.
Timothy Sackton: Their stories live on, and even if their possessions vanish from the earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also.
What.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let us finish your thought.
Timothy Sackton: This land is very old.
Timothy Sackton: And there have been many empires that have.
Timothy Sackton: risen and fallen and risen again before the donmar.
Timothy Sackton: So, if anyone were to seek.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient magic for any reason, this would be the place to look.
Timothy Sackton: Even.
Timothy Sackton: stories and he looks at you Dallas maybe you know the truth of these stories.
Timothy Sackton: Long long long ago before humans even walked the earth.
Timothy Sackton: They say this was a great for the first forest stretching.
Timothy Sackton: As far as the eye could see.
Timothy Sackton: Is that true.
Timothy Sackton: The owls lived here.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Many, many years ago now.
Mike Sackton: There was a.
Mike Sackton: Our greatest cities stretch to cross this land.
Mike Sackton: They collapsed in the.
Mike Sackton: Great upheavals.
Mike Sackton: When the humans fled their their ancient island and their ancient land and found a drink or.
Mike Sackton: The world was sundered then.
But.
Mike Sackton: Some of my people still tell of the days when you could walk from one end to the other of this continent, through the elven forest.
Timothy Sackton: So much history, indeed.
Timothy Sackton: The ALS drank or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ancient larger.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: Why somebody would be seeking ancient magic is beyond my knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: charting would know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: started with no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: clue in charge of.
Timothy Sackton: All the treasure hunters i've ever met have come from chart and.
Timothy Sackton: Or the dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: People of the of the ubuntu mountains not you're from further north right seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am, but we traveled for a time with a companion from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The avanti.
Timothy Sackton: i've seen.
Timothy Sackton: i've seen them i've heard i've heard stories told of them passing.
Timothy Sackton: across this land to seek the last relics of their ancestral homelands, to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps some of them would.
Timothy Sackton: know more of what treasures may be buried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There that.
Eric Rosenbaum: says hey that's just what reason was doing.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah yeah indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There, there is one treasure, in particular, though, that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In my in my initiation ritual I spoke to be schema.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spoke to be schema and I asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they told me that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were no longer able to offer protection to the land, because they had lost the heart somehow the heart of chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is lost, and this, I think, is the most pressing that or, at least for us at the moment is to try to figure out the whereabouts of the heart and to see if we can return it to terawatt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know anything about this.
Timothy Sackton: They offer i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Paula and our eyes, look at each other as you're speaking.
Timothy Sackton: Of Ross chimes in and says.
Timothy Sackton: You are truly blessed if you spoke to her yourself in your initiation.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a common event and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are not common times.
Timothy Sackton: But chickens heart.
Timothy Sackton: That is not our story.
Timothy Sackton: Are.
Timothy Sackton: Not are around.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: You travel among.
Timothy Sackton: Among many gods console.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: As a servant of.
Timothy Sackton: locker.
Timothy Sackton: And beach ma.
Timothy Sackton: You might have some sway over their daughter cocoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forgot that that was the daughter of to them.
Timothy Sackton: When you would have to speak with the Miss die of Chicago and speak with kendra is.
Timothy Sackton: Our.
Timothy Sackton: beach ma, as you know.
Timothy Sackton: watches over the.
Timothy Sackton: tales of the people, the stories their souls.
Timothy Sackton: cocoon watches over the land.
Timothy Sackton: magic that protects that.
Timothy Sackton: it's not it is beyond our experience.
Timothy Sackton: But, indeed, if this artifact is missing, that would explain much of what's happened over the past year.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are the people that watch over the land.
Timothy Sackton: I mean we all watch over the land in our own way.
But.
Timothy Sackton: The magical protections that guard the.
Timothy Sackton: entrances to del mar the mist I have shaken.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they have all traditionally gathered at Cairo.
Eric Rosenbaum: And not elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that is there.
Timothy Sackton: Just as the monastery near Carson was the home of our order for many generations.
Timothy Sackton: That temple of.
Timothy Sackton: In Carlisle has been the home of this year couldn't miss die for generations.
Eric Rosenbaum: funny thing about that temple that i'm a student of rocks and stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the temple itself oddly seem to be older than the stone surrounding Do you know anything about that.
Timothy Sackton: I am not a student of rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most art.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how they roll.
Timothy Sackton: That is indeed odd.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been puzzling over it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to touch Meta game, but is there anything else, we want to ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: The crucial thing we're not thinking of.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): descriptions of the church explorer so don't need them now, but yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: detail the screen.
Mike Sackton: I assume they don't they're clearly open whatever people but not.
Mike Sackton: Anybody we now it's not like it.
Timothy Sackton: was one of the people now you don't recognize the descriptions.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, this is just logistics, but let's ask them for where to find water between here in Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: They fly you traveled this you you that you've already marked off your water sources.
Timothy Sackton: Having traveled that with with amo who had made that journey several times.
Mike Sackton: Can we get them to mark all the places where there are not giant ogre so that we can disturb so that we.
Mike Sackton: avoid those.
Timothy Sackton: are relatively easy to avoid yes.
Mike Sackton: i've heard that sad.
Rev. David (he/him): Once you know that they're not polite.
Timothy Sackton: routing.
Timothy Sackton: end.
Rev. David (he/him): He says, probably not many more.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything we should ask them about.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am an edge kenzo and try to whisper not and politely asked him about to ask them about right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't we yeah yeah well, we already had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To me well sorry um I I spoke with them about it before we left remember like I told you guys.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I had already spoken about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, again, I think that was like part of the early part of the conversation was sharing like what happened with the temple and so on, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah so TIM just is do they have any more insight on like what they were what they were trying to do and drank or did they actually close the portal, how are they trying to close the portal.
Timothy Sackton: I know a lot of this is news to them actually like.
They.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they were young and sort of paying more attention to each other than the order at that time of their lives and we're kind of disconnected from these events and and since like have become much more essential because not that many people survived obviously but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah so remember that one person that, like the woman.
Mike Sackton: The woman person wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah ask about her like just she.
Timothy Sackton: They were the ones who originally told you about her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking oh really yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But dubin now given this history, do they think that she would know anything about.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: That they they do identify that.
Timothy Sackton: This woman saga who they mentioned to you before, but you also had a vision of in the hall of stories is definitely somebody who would likely no more.
Mike Sackton: Where could we find her.
Timothy Sackton: So they.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's living north of Tokyo.
Mike Sackton: Oh right they called it yay very merry way river right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect let's read on our way to try to.
Eric Rosenbaum: pitch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking hell.
Mike Sackton: It is there any dwarfing I mean they mentioned the dwarves like.
Mike Sackton: Do we know.
Mike Sackton: me we just be hunting up raise when do we know anything in particular about.
Mike Sackton: Do they know anything about the dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they just you know have heard they collect stories right it's just heard stories from people and most many of the dwarves who are not traders, but people who are just crossing Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: run adventures are heading back to their ancestral homes.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the mountains or far away.
Mike Sackton: As far as charted.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Mike Sackton: not nearly as far as starting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the way to fucking chart in to figure out like what they're looking for in Denmark and go all the way back to bucking Denmark, we need to talk for like soon.
Timothy Sackton: But we need to like our.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like our fun, or at least.
Mike Sackton: My wild partner was.
Mike Sackton: Not so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: charter some eagles or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not going to use secret secret you're going to be the one that's going to like in some tall partition abilities and like finished shuttles around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly man I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: If you can tell, for it eventually.
Timothy Sackton: I think I think doubt maybe Dallas.
Eric Rosenbaum: or a seeker has.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you get I actually don't think you do, you get playing shift.
Rev. David (he/him): For.
Mike Sackton: It away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah away, you have to spend a night on whatever plan you teleport to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and then you can go back.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can go back to a different spot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's Nice.
Timothy Sackton: katha Wednesday.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, easier to get onto Carol i'm gonna i'm gonna step outside and take a scan the horizon and all directions and.
Eric Rosenbaum: feet.
Rev. David (he/him): To keep an eye on.
Rev. David (he/him): Feedback stern if there's anything out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: see where the tokens to better.
Rev. David (he/him): versus yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess the last minute ride with that with that you know povera an opera house is just like warning them about just telling them about garage you know talking to my battle thing like we saw roshan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to be aware of the the feud with the orcs and right, you know, and especially if they're still looking that if they're still looking for this treasure than that, whatever that treasure is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the orcs are likely to still still be you know marauding around and right and did you have any do you have any reaction to that are they like oh shit that's scary or are they like Oh, this is not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they've seen orcs around.
Timothy Sackton: Before right they were they.
Timothy Sackton: told us.
About.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they were the ones who initially gave you some information about the orcs and the two orcs the groups of orcs fighting.
Mike Sackton: each other.
Timothy Sackton: You know there.
Timothy Sackton: I bet taken aback by your description oh gosh seems like a scary dude.
Timothy Sackton: But they're reasonably I mean they you know they have lived here in the desert for.
Timothy Sackton: 40 years and it hasn't gotten any safer over those 40 years so.
Timothy Sackton: You know they feel pretty, but they do you know when you're talking about this, they do like sort of look at each other and like.
Timothy Sackton: You know when almost not almost out of the room like clearing the dishes or stuff that are like you know I think we're gonna need to keep them closer right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this.
Timothy Sackton: amount of time these missions by himself anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And did it any reaction at garage himself like are they like like do they know anything about who garage might be, or who garages master is that's a big fucking Question No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah they they I mean they're like spooked right like he's like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I.
Timothy Sackton: But they don't have any information about about crush in particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There anything else, want to share with us accomplish that the men, I mean, I think I warning them was the biggest thing I wanted to.
Mike Sackton: Do yeah I think that's good.
Mike Sackton: I think we should had back to Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But just just you know, again I like I said we'd like spend the night.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spent the night, so I know TIM I just spend the night kind of you know, really like sitting with with Popper and Opera House and, just like you know you know now that i'm like one of the order you know yeah you kind of do some bonding you know you said.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have a nice.
Timothy Sackton: vacation session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah do some like fish mud, you know some fish my biology, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we stayed the night as a gift for them i'll carve a tiny stone replica of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: of which part of the monastery complex me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome like some of the story, the stories on the wall.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh cool.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah very.
Timothy Sackton: they're very touched by that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's super cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude you should men are like do you have like a like a like a like can you develop like a 3D like 3D scanning capability via memory so it's like you just like study it thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're basically 3D scanning and then you're like doing your own version of like blender and stuff like that, and then you'd like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you like you know can create like super amazing do that's we should do you should create like crazy like like earth sculpture, like you know fucking installations and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean performance animation is a lot faster than stone carving but it only last a few hours.
Rev. David (he/him): Or, I was gonna suggest you could like mass produced trinkets for tourists.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey that's steady income.
Timothy Sackton: So, so, in the interest of time.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just gonna montage the travel back to going back to care about this plane right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we want to montage it as a kickoff for next time, or do you want a montage it is.
Timothy Sackton: Because I want to.
So.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I want to set the scene to introduce john for.
Mike Sackton: Next okay.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's exciting.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: So ah.
Timothy Sackton: Over the it's about let's see it's it's 130 ish miles, so you know not not going at a at a crazy pace, you know it's it's going to take you about a little bit more than five days say about five days travel and you arrive sort of late afternoon on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the sixth day.
Timothy Sackton: And you know the trip to the desert is.
Timothy Sackton: feels quiet here it's you know it's less.
Timothy Sackton: you've gotten to the to the sort of point in the desert where you're even though, like you know.
Timothy Sackton: boss either was destroyed you still feel closer to civilization, you see the occasional you know giant vulture overhead but you know a few shots from your bow well be especially a few flaming arrows scares them off pretty quick.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're getting used to the routine of camping by bright light every night um but whether it's because you've you know gotten far enough from Carson that crashes reach cannot extend here or just that you've gotten lucky.
Timothy Sackton: While you know that there's more shadows out there, none seem to attack you.
During your trip.
Timothy Sackton: And as you, you know you pass through the ruins of bass.
Timothy Sackton: Still ruined still you know, a destroyed city nobody's come back, this is not a safe place to live anymore.
Timothy Sackton: But seems more peaceful than it was when you first, then when you first arrived here.
Timothy Sackton: What now.
Timothy Sackton: Nearly a month ago it's been almost a month it's been about a month that close to a month you've been out in the desert not not quite a month um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: You come up to the you know, to the to the red Mesa now looming above you stretching miles across the desert the largest feature around.
Timothy Sackton: feeling, almost as if you're returning home as you begin to approach Carol off from the from the south.
Timothy Sackton: And on the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: After.
Timothy Sackton: rest in the shade i'm six days after you you depart the stone House you approach, the town of Cairo off.
Timothy Sackton: from a distance seeing.
Timothy Sackton: You know the ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Of the town destroyed by the know attacks.
Timothy Sackton: But there's clearly been some clean up some little bit of not exactly rebuilding but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Creating some habitable space half stars band seems to have taken over the ruins of of ingram's.
Timothy Sackton: tavern has repair that turned it into stables, using the.
Timothy Sackton: The courtyard as a as a training ground.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear from the you know from some distance away the.
Timothy Sackton: clash of.
Timothy Sackton: Practice bouts as they.
Timothy Sackton: You know, keep themselves in fighting shape, you can see the watch that's been sent over town a mix of hotdogs soldiers and centaurs writing circuits around the town keeping an eye on the desert.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, it is them who initially intercept you and welcome you back into town.
Timothy Sackton: hall FDA arrived a few days ago.
Timothy Sackton: 400 the leader of the centaurs as eager to speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: And as they escort you into town.
Timothy Sackton: We will end they're.
Timothy Sackton: Picking up in care why next session.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, to help john's play Center.
Mike Sackton: I just gonna say the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're Probably not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you.